Dogen is a Zen monk in the early Kamakura period.
Founder of the Soto sect of Buddhism.
In his later years, he also used the name Kinzen.
In the same sect, he is honored as a high priest.
His posthumous name is Buddhist priesthood Den Dongguk Master, Seoyang Daishi_(monk).
He is generally referred to as Dogen Zenji.
It is said that it has spread the habit of toothpaste and cleaning when eating in Japan.
Some believe that they first brought back moso bamboo (moso bamboo).
Although there are many unknowns about Dogen's birth, there is agreement that he was born into the legitimate lineage of Tsuchimikado Michichika (Minamoto no Michichika or Kuga no Michichika), the Minister of the Interior.
According to the established theory, it is said that he was born as a child of Iko Fujiwara, the daughter of his parents and the daughter of Matsudono Matsudono (Motobo Fujiwara) at Matsudono Sanso, Kyoto, but in recent studies, it is an adoptive father.
Others believe that Michimune Minamoto or Kuga Michimitsu, son of Michichika, was the father.
According to the biography, "Kenjiki," he lost his father (his parents) at the age of three and his mother at the age of eight, and became an adopted child of his half -brother, Horikawa.
According to one theory, after the death of my parents, there was a story from my mother's uncle, Shonen family (former Minister of regulation), and wanted to be a pine family's adoptive son, but Michimoto, who felt the impermanence of the world, refused.
There is a theory that he was related to Shinran, the founder of Jodo Shinshu, on his mother's side, but there is no proof.
There is a theory that the volume of "life and death" in the book "Shoho -Our" was written for Shinran.
In 1213, he visited his maternal uncle Ryoakien on Mount Hiei.
In 1214, he was ordained by Tendai Zashu Kouen and took the name Butsuboho Dogen.
In 1215, he studied Tendai religious studies under Gongin at Sonjoji Temple.
Studied under Eisai's disciple Meizen at Kenninji Temple in 1217.
In 1223, he traveled with Ming Chuan from Hakata to the Southern Song Dynasty to visit various mountains and received a seal of approval from Tendo Nyojo of the Soto sect.
Returned to Japan 2 years (1228).
Tenpuku (Japan) The first year (1233) Opens Kosei -ji Temple in Kyoto Fukakusa.
Around this time, he was oppressed by Hieizan.
In July 1243, at the invitation of Hatano Yoshishige, head of the Echizen Province, he moved to Echizen Shibisou.
On the way, stop in Kuchiki Village in response to the invitation of the lord of Kuchiki Village Sasaki (derived from Kosei -ji Temple (Takashima City))
Opened Daibutsu Temple in the umbrella pine in Kanemoto 2 (1244).
In Kanemoto 4 (1246), Daibutsuji Temple was changed to Eihei -ji Temple, and the issue was changed to Kinzen.
Around this time, at the invitation of regent Hojo Tokiyori, Hatano Yoshishige, and others, he was sent to Kamakura to teach.
Although his teaching in Kamakura lasted only six months, he was a pioneer in the development of pure Zen in the Kanto region.
Due to the illness of 1253 (1253), he gave Eiheiji Temple to his disciple's isolated naoronzang, died in a residence of disciples (Takatsuji -dong -dong -dori, Kyoto), and died of 54 years old (53 years old).
The cause of death is believed to be an ulcer.
The Buddha is not completed by reaching a certain level, but even if it is a Buddha, it is the essence of the Buddha (like a paralysis), which is the essence of the Buddha (like the Cerival Ceremony), even if it is a Buddha.
Although most of Kamakura Buddhism affirms the idea of Latter Day Sabbath, the Shobogenzo Zuimonki says, "Now I say, this saying is not true at all.
It is a constant practice to set up a correct image of the end of the Buddha Dharma.
There is no other way but the way of truth.
I will do as I please, and you should all do as you please.
None of the world in the world can win.
There is also a mysterious and rare aspect of Asama.
The Buddha has given various precepts and laws for the sake of evil sentient beings and their descendants.
All people are opportunities for the Buddha Dharma.
Don't think it's a non -device, and say that you should always get it. "
Shobogenzo
Shobogenzo, Shobogenzo Zuimonki Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei 81 (Compendium of Japanese Classical Literature 81) (Nishio Minoru et al. Iwanami Shoten, 1965)
Shobogenzo (1)-(12), translated into modern Japanese by Nishijima, Kazuo (Kanazawa Bunko, 1970). Kanazawa Bunko, 1970)
Shobogenzo (1)-(4)" (with notes by Yahoko Mizuno. Iwanami Bunko, 1990)
Shobogenzo" (translated by Kyoji Ishii, Kawade Bunko, 2004)
Eihei Hiroki" (translated by Kyoji Ishii, Kawade Shobo Shinsha, 2005)
"Kiyoshi Eihei"
"Noriza lesson" (Tenzokyo -kun)
The Lesson from the Buddhist Priesthood: The Way of Porridge and Rice" (Translation with notes by Nakamura Shohachi et al. Kodansha Gakujutsu Bunko, 1991)
The "Fushuku Porridge Rice Method".
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (Shobogenzo Zuimonki), edited by Kaijo - Dogen's lecture notes.
Shobogenzo Zuimonki Shinkyaku Annotated [Shobogenzo Zuimonki: New School Notes] (Okubo Doshu. Sankibo Butsushorin, 1958)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (translated and annotated by Shaoqin Furuta. Kadokawa Bunko, 1960)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (The Zuimonki of Shobogenzo) (Revised by Watsuji Tetsuro. Iwanami Bunko, revised in 1982)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (translated by Yahoko Mizuno. Chikuma Gakugei Bunko, 1992)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki Gendai Words Translation (translated by Rousan Ikeda. Okura Publishing Co.)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (Shobogenzo Zuimonki) (Shoichi Yamazaki, complete translation and notes. Kodansha Gakujutsu Bunko, 2003)
"Dogen Zen Master Complete Works" Supervised by Mototaka Kagami, published by Spring and Autumn.
references
Satomi Min, The Story of Zen Master Dogen (Iwanami Bunko)
Takeuchi Michio, Dogen, Yoshikawa Kobunkan (Jinjin Sosho) 1962
Takahashi Shinkichi, The Life of Dogen Zenji, Houbunkan 1963.
Keimuro Tensei, Dogen (Dogen), Shinbunsha 1971.
Aima Imegue "Dogen Zazen Sushi no Saemon" Japan Broadcasting Publishing Association (NHK Books) 1976
Suganuma, Akira, "Dogen Jiten (Dictionary of Dogen)," Tokyo Do Publishing 1977.
Mototaka Kagamijima and Koushiro Tamaki (eds.), Lectures on Dogen, 6 vols. Shunju-sha 1979-81.
Koshiro Tamaki, Dogen, Shunju-sha 1996
Ryotaro Shiba, "Dogen," "Echizen no Moromichi," Kaido yuku 18, Asahi Shimbun, pp. 49-61.
Ryotaro Shiba, "The Single Monk in the Yamanaka" (collected in the same rank), pp. 63-76.
Ryotaro Shiba, "Houke -ji Temple's cloudwater" (collected at the same place), pp. 77-89.
Ryotaro Shiba, "Jakuen no Zizou" (Image of Jakuen) (in the same book), pp. 91-104.
Tatematsu, Wahei, Dogen Zenji, Tokyo Shoseki, 2007.
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum is a railroad preservation and exhibition facility for steam locomotives operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West), located in Kanki-ji-cho, Shimogyo-ku, Kyoto City, Kyoto Prefecture.
On October 10, 1972, the Japanese National Railway was opened using a fan -shaped warehouse in the Umekoji Engine Ward in Shimogyo -ku, Kyoto, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Japanese railway, and supported Japanese railway transportation for one century.
JR West took over in 1987 with the privatization of Japan National Railways.
This facility itself is an active rail yard (Umekoji Operation Area), where steam locomotives and Japan National Railways DE10 diesel locomotives owned by Sagano Kanko Railway are inspected and repaired.
The reason for opening this facility in the first place was to preserve steam locomotives, which have been rapidly disappearing since the late 1960s.
Initially, the Oyama Engine Depot, located in Oyama Station, Tochigi Prefecture, was the most likely candidate for preservation because of its proximity to the Tokyo metropolitan area. However, in 1970, the Umekoji Engine Depot (at that time) was officially selected for preservation because of its location in the "center of Japan" and the "historic sites nearby.
In principle, the youngest existing car (preferably the first car) was selected for preservation, but there are some cars that were not originally planned for preservation, such as C62 Type 2.
The facility consists of the "Steam Locomotive Exhibition Hall," which utilizes the fan-shaped depot and turntable of the former Umeikoji Engine Depot, and the "Reference Exhibition Hall," which is a relocated and restored version of the former Nijo Station building.
The fan-shaped warehouse, constructed in 1914 of reinforced concrete, was designated a National Important Cultural Property on December 10, 2004, along with a 5-ton electric overhead crane (completed in 1915) and a pull-in line.
In 2004, he was encouraged to a civil engineering in the Civil Engineering Society.
In 2006, the former Nijo Station building (exhibition hall), the fan-shaped garage, a set of preserved steam locomotives, and a set of tools for inspection and repair were designated as quasi-railway monuments by JR West.
The former Nijo Station building was built in 1904 by Kyoto Railroad Company as its headquarters building, and is the oldest existing two-story wooden Japanese-style station building in Japan, modeled after Heian Shrine while taking the landscape into consideration.
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907, which was used as a NATIONALRAIL, followed by a JR West station building.
It was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City in April 1996.
The fan-shaped warehouse houses and displays 18 domestic steam locomotives of 16 types and 18 cars (17 cars of 16 types when the museum first opened) manufactured from the Taisho to Showa periods.
At the beginning of the museum, dynamics were in principle, and there were 15 cars on the C53 Type 45 and C51 No. 239, and there were 15 cars.
Two of them (C57 Type 1 and C56 Type 160) are used for pulling trains on the main lines, such as Yamaguchi Line "Yamaguchi (train)" and Hokuriku Line "Kita Biwako (train)".
Other than these two cars, the other dynamically preserved cars are registered but have not undergone general inspections, so they cannot run on the main line.
The museum also operates the "SL Steam" train on the museum's tracks, pulled by a dynamically preserved machine for display in the museum.
This exhibition driver was once north of the garage, and it was located on the northern end of the site of a large car parking lot (used to have a rest facility and park in the hall), but for the relocation of the former Nijo station station building.
It still functions as an engine yard and is connected to the sales line.
Furthermore, after the closure of the Takatori Works of West Japan Railway Company, the company has also taken on the maintenance of steam locomotives.
梅
It is derived from "ume," meaning plum alley. 
All vehicles except the C62 No. 1, which were designated in 1976, were designated as a semi -railway monument in 2006, along with their car records and maintenance tools.
For those without any special items, the transfer procedure was taken in 1972 from the previous institutional ward.
◎ has been without car registry since the beginning of its preservation in Umekoji.
JNR 8620 Type Steam locomotive-Dynamic
1914 Motor car manufacturing.
Transferred from Hirosaki Transport District.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
JNR 9600 type steam locomotive
Made by Kawasaki Shipyard in 1914.
Transferred from Otaru Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
Static preservation in 1987.
JNR B20 class steam locomotive - Dynamic
Made in 1946 Tateyama Heavy Industries.
Transferred from Kagoshima Engine Works.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
In 2002, the museum was dynamically restored to commemorate its 30th anniversary.
JNR C11 type steam locomotive
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1940.
Transferred from Koriyama General Rolling Stock Center, Aizu Wakamatsu Branch.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1987.
JNR C51 class steam locomotive ◎
1927 Automobile manufacturing.
Vapped in the Niitsu Transport Zone in 1962.
The train had been stored at Niigata Railway Academy as a teaching material in an incised condition, and was restored at Nagano General Rolling Stock Center on the occasion of the Umekoji relocation.
JNR class C53 steam locomotive ◎Japanese
1928 Automobile manufacturing.
In 1950, scrapped in the Umekoji engine ward.
After being stored at the Japan National Railways Suita Training Center, it has been preserved at the Museum of Transportation Science since 1961.
JNR C55 type steam locomotive
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1935.
Transferred from Asahikawa Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
JNR C56 type steam locomotive-dynamic (with a vehicle register, can operate the main line)
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1939.
Transferred from Matsumoto Transportation District.
JNR C57 Type Steam locomotive-Dynamic (with a vehicle register, can operate the main line)
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1937.
Transferred from Sakura Engine District.
JNR C58 type steam locomotive
1938 Automobile manufacturing.
Transferred from Kitami Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1987.
JNR C59 class steam locomotive
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1946.
Transferred from Nara Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
JNR C61 Type Steam locomotive-Dynamic (with vehicle registered)
Made in Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in 1948.
Transferred from the Miyazaki Engine Works.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
The car registry was restored in 1987.
JNR class C62 steam locomotive ◎Japanese
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1948.
In 1967, the car was scrapped in the Hiroshima Daini Engine Zone.
Designated as a quasi-railroad monument in 1986 and stored at the Hiroshima Railway Academy.
Relocated to Umekoji in 1994.
C62 Type 2 - Dynamic (with car register)
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1948.
Transferred from Otaru Tsukito Minato Institute.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
The car registry was restored in 1987.
JNR D50 class steam locomotive
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1925.
Transferred from the righteous engine ward.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
JNR D51 class steam locomotive
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1936.
Transferred from Hamada Engine Works.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1987.
D51 Type No. 200-Dynamic (with a car register)
Made in 1938 at the Hamamatsu Works of the Tokai Railway Company of the Ministry of Railways.
Transferred from Nakatsugawa Engine District.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
The car registry was restored in 1987.
JNR D52 class steam locomotive
Made in Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in 1946.
Transferred from Goryokaku Engine District.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
Image JRW-B2010B20 Type 10
Image JNR96339633
Image D50 140 and other Umekoji Steam Location Museum MG540D50 Type 140
Image D51-1ANDC62-1UMEKOJID51 Type 1 and C62 Type 1
Image JNR-D51200D51 Type 200 (Steam No.)
Image JNR-C5345C53 class 45
ImageJRW-C56160C56 class 160 (SL Kita-Biwako)
(Image 200608200011.JPG)
Image JNR-C621-STEAMLOCOC62 Type 1
Image JRW-C622C62 Type 2
JNR DE10 Diesel locomotive
There is a car register and belongs to two cars.
JNR Series 50 Coach
Used as a break room.
At first glance, the house appears to be in its original form, but the back side of the house is lined with piping for a household air conditioner and an outdoor unit.
Also, toilets are not available.
Umekoji 90-nen-history" (West Japan Railway Company, 2004) ISBN4777050718
JNR Sharyo 12 Tokaido Line III" (JNR Sharyo 12 Tokaido Line III) (Kisai-sha, 1984) ISBN458653012X
Takahiro Seki "Umekoji Steam Location Museum"
Koyusha "Railroad Fan (Magazine)" December 1994 No.404 Special Feature - Umekoji Steamers in Service
In 1994, commemorating the maintenance of Umekoji Park and entering the C621 unit.
Reizo Takayama "Umekoji Monogatari" 1 & 2
Koyusha "Railway Fan" January-February 1998 No.441-442
Shomyo is a form of traditional Japanese music.
It is religious music with verses added to Buddhist scriptures and used in rituals.
In Japan, it is also called Bonbai and Bonnuku.
In the old script, it is written "聲明" (聲明).
One of the ancient Indian disciplines (Gomei / Gomyo).
Gomei is a statement (phoneme / grammar), art of art (crafts and technical theory), medical kata (medical), factor (ethics), and inner Akira (for the learning of your own sect, Buddhists.
It was introduced and took root with the arrival of Buddhism in Japan.
In 754 (Tenpei Katsuho 4th year), there was a record in which a statement used a statement was made at the time of the opening of the Todaiji Temple Great Buddha, and it is thought that a statement was actively made in the Nara period.
In the early Heian period (794-1185), Saicho and Kukai introduced their own shomyo, which became the basis for the Tendai shomyo and Shingon shomyo.
Buddhist sects other than the Tendai and Shingon sects also have their own unique shomyo (Buddhist chanting) traditions, which are still carried on today.
Since the shomyo was transmitted orally (kuden), there was no musical score.
As a result, the teaching was extremely difficult.
Later, the doctor (hakase) was invented, which was later referred to as sheet music.
In addition, there are differences in terminology, such as doctorate, among the various schools.
However, the doctor is a reference for chanting, and if one wishes to master the statement, oral transmission (also called roi) (face to face teaching by a teacher) is necessary, and the school cannot be maintained and passed on from master to disciple.
To this end, it was essential to develop leaders and successors.
A combination of conditions led to the abolition of many schools.
The Tendai Shomyo was based on what was transmitted by Saicho and developed in its own way.
After the Saisumi, Enjin and Azen were excited.
Ryobu, the ancestor of the mentoring Buddha, is known as the ancestor of Chuko.
In 1109 (Tennin 2 years), Ryobu built a visit to Ohara, Kyoto (Sakyo -ku, Kyoto).
The mountain name of Raigo-in Temple in Ohara was called Gyozan (魚山) in reference to Gyozan, the birthplace of the Chinese Buddhist chanting.
Eventually, the two temples of Raigo-in and Shorin-in became known as the dojo of the Ohara-ryu Uozan shomyo.
In addition, there were two schools of statements in Ohara, with Jakuhara later becoming one of the schools.
Later, Soukai revived Ohara's statement.
Enhancement has built a flow based on a new music theory.
Since then, the center of the Tendai statement has been inherited by the current statement of Tendai.
The statement of the mites of the Buddhist Buddhist sect, the Jodo sect, and the Jodo Shinshu is the line of the Tendai statement.
The true word statement is based on what Kukai has reported, and it is up to the present.
It was not until after the masa that the statement was systematized.
Kancho can be said to be the ancestor of Chuko.
He worked on the composition and maintenance of the statement.
Until the Kamakura period (1185-1333), there were many schools, but they were grouped into four schools (Honjoin-ryu, Shinjoin-ryu, Daigoi-ryu, and Nakagawa Daishin-ryu) under the leadership of Prince Kakusei.
The statement of Shingon Shingon sect has declined and abolished during the Edo period.
The Honjoin, Shinjoin, and Daigo schools had all been discontinued by around the middle of the Meiji period.
Today, it is divided into Chizan Shomyo (Chizakuin Temple, Kyoto), Buzan Shomyo (Haseji Temple, Nara), and Nanzan Shinryu (Koyasan, Kyoto, a temple of the Kogi Shingon sect).
Chizan Shomyo and Toyoyama Shomyo (Shingi Shingon Shomyo) The Shomyo of the Chizan School of Shingon Buddhism and the Toyoyama School of Shingon Buddhism both originated from the Nakagawa Daishin School.
Rai Yu adopted the ancient school of Daigo.
After Negoroji Temple (Wakayama Prefecture) was burnt down by Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1583 and declined, the Chizan and Toyozan schools came to form a sect based on the ancient Daigo school.
Characteristically, it is referred to as Toyozan's "discussion" and Chizan's "statement.
It was based on the Nanzan Shinryu (Kogi Shingon Shuji Shomyo) Nakagawa Daishinryu.
In the Nakagawa Daishin -ryu, Nara and Nakagawa -ji Temple is the ancestor.
During the Sadanaga period (1232-1233), the victory of Koyasan Mt.
Later, it was called Nanzan Shinryu, after Nanzan, another name for Koyasan (Mt. Koya).
It is also called the stream and Noyama stream.
Onkyoku, such as heikyoku, yokyoku, minyo, and joruri, can be said to be a transfiguration of shomyo.
The influence it has had on monophonic music is significant.
Emperor Tenchi (Tenchi-tenno/ Tenji-tenno.
Male.
34th year of the reign of Emperor Suiko (626) - December 3, 10th year of the reign of Emperor Tenchi (January 7, 672).
The 38th Emperor of Japan.
His national epithet is Amemikoto Hirakasunowake no Mikoto (Amemikoto Hirakasunowake no Mikoto/Amatsumikoto Sakisawake no Mikoto).
His posthumous name was Katsuragi (KAZURAKI)
Prince Katsuragi in his lifetime
Generally, it is known as the Prince of the Great Brothers (Naka Oto no Uji / Nakao no Miko).

Overview
The second prince of Emperor Seimei.
Her mother was Princess Takara (later Emperor Kogoku).
The empress was the daughter of her half-brother, Prince Furuhito the Great, Princess Yamahime.
He plotted with Kamatari Nakago, raised a coup, killed Soga Iruka, and his uncle, Emperor Kotoku, became the Crown Prince.
He enacted the era of Daika and carried out various reforms (Otomi's change, the main character of the renovation of Daika).
He also trapped and executed those who might later stage a coup d'etat, such as Prince Arima.
After Baekje was destroyed by Tang and Silla in 660, Buyeo Pungzhang, a Baekje prince who had been staying at the imperial court, was sent back to restore Baekje.
He stayed in Tsukushi to lead the Baekje relief efforts, but in 661, Emperor Saimei collapsed (died).
In 663, after suffering a crushing defeat in the Battle of Hakumura-jiang, the capital was relocated to Otsu City, where he acceded to the throne.
After Shiramura's battle, Mizuki, a fire and fire protection were established as part of the national land defense policy.
He also reformed the coronation system, moving from the 19th to the 26th rank.
In 670, he also had the oldest national family register in Japan, the Gengo Nenregistration, created.
Nippon Shoki reported that Emperor Tenchi wanted to succeed the throne to the first prince, Otomo Otomo.
However, in the Mishin's rebellion that occurred after Tenchi's death, his younger brother, Prince Tenmu, beat Prince Otomo and joined.
Since then, the emperor of the Tenmu system has continued to the Imperial Emperor.
After the death of the name virtue, Tenchi's grandson, Shirakabe King, became the Emperor Mitsuhito, and after that it became a Tenchi system.
It is said that he sent four of his (own) daughters to Prince Ohkaijin as princesses to atone for his sin, since he had taken King Nukata from Prince Ohkaijin.
brief personal record
Sogo 34 (626) --Bawn
June 14, the 4th year of the Emperor's reign (July 12, 645) - Crown Prince established
July 24, Saito 7 (August 24, 661) - Weighing system
January 3, 7 Tenchi (February 20, 668) - Reign
Tenchi December 3, 2010 (January 7, 672) -Dieed at the age of 46
(In "Fuso Omiki", one theory after the death theory of the death is "Ichigo Emperor's Houma Yukiyama Flat, Red No Redy Eagen Eijinba Shirakuri Shikutsukutsukutsukutsuku Shikutsukutsuku, Sanryo Emperor's Knowledge of the Royal Ryoso".
The fact that Emperor Tenchi did not ascend to the throne for so long is one of the mysteries of the political history of the mid-7th century.
There are several theories that have been discussed about this.
Consideration for the forces promoting Emperor Temmu.
That is, it is based on the theory that Emperor Tenmu was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi, which has been conventionally accepted as the established theory, and that he was the son of Emperor Han, who was born before Emperor Kōkyoku married Emperor Seimei, and that he was the half-brother of Emperor Tenchi.
Indeed, if we calculate the birth year backwards based on the enjoyment years of Emperor Tenchi in the Nihon Shoki and Emperor Temmu in some history books, Temmu would be the older of the two.
However, no discrepancies were found between the same historical records, and many historical records have an age difference of about 8 to 9 years.
In response to this, there is an argument that "Tenchi's age was intentionally raised because it would be bad form to say that a younger brother, even though his father was different from him, was the one to take the place of his elder brother," but "the age of 16 years old that appears in the Nihon-shoki, which was the age at which his father Emperor Seimei ascended to the throne, was mistakenly set to the age at which he collapsed. The "Chronicles of Japan" is a collection of the writings of Emperor Seimei.
So the true year of birth is 614, the year adopted by Honcho Kohin Shaunroku and others.
In the case of Tenmu, the title of "shōnin" was not rare in ancient times (in fact, Tenchi and Mochito, who reigned before and after Tenmu, also held the title of shōsei and did not immediately ascend to the throne).
), which caused the error.
There are also opinions that other historical books, which are pointed out as "Nihon Shoki," are different in the times when they were compiled, so they cannot be treated the same.
(See also the section on "Emperor Tenmu")
Otomi's change is the coup of Kimono (Emperor Kotoku), and the Prince of the Chogai has been pursued his status.
It has been noted in recent years that the relationship between Emperor Nakataio and Soga Iruka was relatively good and that their basic policies were similar.
In that case, there is no motivation for the Chuo Brother Prince to kill the deer.
This theory has also been advocated because falsifications are found in the Taika-no-kaishin account of the Nihonshoki.
In addition, this theory is attracting attention because other questions can be explained, such as the reason for the abdication of the emperor and the reason why Soga other than Iruka has not been expelled after the coup.
The theory is that the accession to the throne was delayed due to opposition to Tenchi's relations with women.
This is a song that Emperor Kotoku, who was described in "Nihon Shoki," suggests an affair between her and Tenchi in the song that the wife (Tenchi's mother and sister) (the mother and sister of Tenchi).
In "Heavenly Rainbow," written by Michiko Satonaka, the story is interpreted to mean that they actually had a relationship. He was reprimanded by the enraged Emperor Arima.
The theory is that after the death of Emperor Saimei, Princess Mamito succeeded to the throne as the consort of the previous emperor, but the record was erased for some reason.
This is based on the theory that "Chūō-no-Mikoto" in the Manyōshū is the Princess Mājin, and that "Chūō-no-Mikoto" can be interpreted as an intermediary emperor before the accession to the throne of Tenchi.
