Dogen was a Zen monk of the early Kamakura period.
Founder of the Soto sect of Buddhism.
He also used the alias Kigen in his later years.
In the same sect, he is honored as a high priest.
His posthumous name is Buddhist priesthood Den Dongguk Master, Seoyang Daishi_(monk).
He is generally referred to as Dogen Zenji.
He is credited with spreading the custom of brushing one's teeth, eating manners and cleaning in Japan.
Some believe that they first brought back moso bamboo (moso bamboo).
Although there are many unknowns about Dogen's birth, there is agreement that he was born into the legitimate lineage of Tsuchimikado Michichika (Minamoto no Michichika or Kuga no Michichika), the Minister of the Interior.
According to a common theory, he was born at Matsudono Villa in Kibata, Kyoto, the son of Michichika and Fujiwara Iko, the daughter of Grand Minister Matsudono Motobo (Fujiwara Motobo), but recent research has led to the theory that he was the biological son of Horikawa Michitsugu, who is considered the adopted father in the common theory.
Others believe that Michimune Minamoto or Kuga Michimitsu, son of Michichika, was the father.
According to his biography, Kenshinkiki, he lost his father (Michichika) at the age of three and his mother at eight, and was adopted by his half-brother, Michitomo Horikawa.
According to one theory, after the death of his parents, his maternal uncle, Shike Matsudono (former regent minister of the Interior), offered to adopt him as an heir to the Matsudono family, but Dogen, feeling the impermanence of the world, refused the offer.
There is a theory that he was related to Shinran, the founder of Jodo Shinshu, on his mother's side, but there is no proof.
There is a theory that the "Life and Death" volume of his work Shobogenzo was written for Shinran.
In 1213, he visited his maternal uncle Ryoakien on Mount Hiei.
In 1214, he was ordained by Tendai Zashu Kouen and took the name Butsuboho Dogen.
In 1215, he studied Tendai religious studies under Gongin at Sonjoji Temple.
Studied under Eisai's disciple Meizen at Kenninji Temple in 1217.
In 1223, he traveled with Ming Chuan from Hakata to the Southern Song Dynasty to visit various mountains and received a seal of approval from Tendo Nyojo of the Soto sect.
Returned to Japan in 1228.
In the first year of Tempuku (Japan) (1233), he opened Koseiji Temple in Fukakusa, Kyoto.
Around this time, he was oppressed by Hieizan.
In July 1243, at the invitation of Hatano Yoshishige, head of the Echizen Province, he moved to Echizen Shibisou.
On the way, he stopped at Kutsuki Village at the invitation of Sasaki Nobutsuna, lord of Kutsuki Village (origin of Koseiji Temple (Takashima City)).
In 1244, he opened Daibutsuji Temple in Kangen 2 (1244).
In 1246, the Daibutsudera temple was renamed Eiheiji temple, and its name was changed to Kigen.
Around this time, at the invitation of regent Hojo Tokiyori, Hatano Yoshishige, and others, he was sent to Kamakura to teach.
Although his teaching in Kamakura lasted only six months, he was a pioneer in the development of pure Zen in the Kanto region.
In 1253, due to illness, he gave Eiheiji to his disciple Koun Kaizo, and died at the residence of his secular disciple Kakunen (Nishinotoin-dori, Takatsuji-dori, Kyoto) at the age of 54 (he died at 53).
The cause of death is believed to be an ulcer.
He argued that Buddhahood is not completed by reaching a certain level of attainment, but that the essence of Buddhahood is to continue endless practice in pursuit of further attainment even if one has attained Buddhahood (shusho ichinyo), and that the best practice is to follow the Buddha and simply engage in zazen (takkan-daiza).
Although most of Kamakura Buddhism affirms the idea of Latter Day Sabbath, the Shobogenzo Zuimonki says, "Now I say, this saying is not true at all.
It is a constant practice to set up a correct image of the end of the Buddha Dharma.
There is no other way but the way of truth.
I will do as I please, and you should all do as you please.
Not all of the dhyu in this world are victorious.
There is also a rare and mysterious shallow heart root, a lower root.
The Buddha has given various precepts and laws for the sake of evil sentient beings and their descendants.
All people are opportunities for the Buddha Dharma.
He denied the Latter Dharma, saying that the Latter Dharma was only a dialectic, citing the fact that not all disciples during the Buddha's time were excellent.
Shobogenzo
Shobogenzo, Shobogenzo Zuimonki Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei 81 (Compendium of Japanese Classical Literature 81) (Nishio Minoru et al. Iwanami Shoten, 1965)
Shobogenzo (1)-(12), translated into modern Japanese by Nishijima, Kazuo (Kanazawa Bunko, 1970). Kanazawa Bunko, 1970)
Shobogenzo (1)-(4)" (with notes by Yahoko Mizuno. Iwanami Bunko, 1990)
Shobogenzo" (translated by Kyoji Ishii, Kawade Bunko, 2004)
Eihei Hiroki" (translated by Kyoji Ishii, Kawade Shobo Shinsha, 2005)
Eihei Seiki.
The Lesson of Tenza (Tenzo Kyokun)
The Lesson from the Buddhist Priesthood: The Way of Porridge and Rice" (Translation with notes by Nakamura Shohachi et al. Kodansha Gakujutsu Bunko, 1991)
The "Fushuku Porridge Rice Method".
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (Shobogenzo Zuimonki), edited by Kaijo - Dogen's lecture notes.
Shobogenzo Zuimonki Shinkyaku Annotated [Shobogenzo Zuimonki: New School Notes] (Okubo Doshu. Sankibo Butsushorin, 1958)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (translated and annotated by Shaoqin Furuta. Kadokawa Bunko, 1960)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (The Zuimonki of Shobogenzo) (Revised by Watsuji Tetsuro. Iwanami Bunko, revised in 1982)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (translated by Yahoko Mizuno. Chikuma Gakugei Bunko, 1992)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki Gendai Words Translation (translated by Rousan Ikeda. Okura Publishing Co.)
Shobogenzo Zuimonki (Shobogenzo Zuimonki) (Shoichi Yamazaki, complete translation and notes. Kodansha Gakujutsu Bunko, 2003)
The Complete Works of Zen Master Dogen," supervised by Mototaka Kagamijima, published by Shunju-sha.
References
Satomi Min, The Story of Zen Master Dogen (Iwanami Bunko)
Takeuchi Michio, Dogen, Yoshikawa Kobunkan (Jinjin Sosho) 1962
Takahashi Shinkichi, The Life of Dogen Zenji, Houbunkan 1963.
Keimuro Tensei, Dogen (Dogen), Shinbunsha 1971.
Imaeda, Aishin, Dogen Zazen Hitosuji no Shamon, Japan Broadcast Publishing Association (NHK Books), 1976.
Suganuma, Akira, "Dogen Jiten (Dictionary of Dogen)," Tokyo Do Publishing 1977.
Mototaka Kagamijima and Koushiro Tamaki (eds.), Lectures on Dogen, 6 vols. Shunju-sha 1979-81.
Koshiro Tamaki, Dogen, Shunju-sha 1996
Ryotaro Shiba, "Dogen," "Echizen no Moromichi," Kaido yuku 18, Asahi Shimbun, pp. 49-61.
Ryotaro Shiba, "Sōsōshi in the Mountains," pp. 63-76 (in Ibid.).
Ryotaro Shiba, "Unsui at Baokeiji Temple," pp. 77-89 (in the same book).
Ryotaro Shiba, "Jakuen no Zizou" (Image of Jakuen) (in the same book), pp. 91-104.
Tatematsu, Wahei, Dogen Zenji, Tokyo Shoseki, 2007.
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum is a railroad preservation and exhibition facility for steam locomotives operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West), located in Kanki-ji-cho, Shimogyo-ku, Kyoto City, Kyoto Prefecture.
It is the first facility in Japan dedicated to the dynamic preservation of steam locomotives, which have supported Japan's railroad transportation for over a century, and is regarded as a valuable industrial cultural asset.
JR West took over in 1987 with the privatization of Japan National Railways.
This facility itself is an active rail yard (Umekoji Operation Area), where steam locomotives and Japan National Railways DE10 diesel locomotives owned by Sagano Kanko Railway are inspected and repaired.
The reason for opening this facility in the first place was to preserve steam locomotives, which have been rapidly disappearing since the late 1960s.
Initially, the Oyama Engine Depot, located in Oyama Station, Tochigi Prefecture, was the most likely candidate for preservation because of its proximity to the Tokyo metropolitan area. However, in 1970, the Umekoji Engine Depot (at that time) was officially selected for preservation because of its location in the "center of Japan" and the "historic sites nearby.
In principle, the youngest existing car (preferably the first car) was selected for preservation, but there are some cars that were not originally planned for preservation, such as C62 Type 2.
The facility consists of the "Steam Locomotive Exhibition Hall," which utilizes the fan-shaped depot and turntable of the former Umeikoji Engine Depot, and the "Reference Exhibition Hall," which is a relocated and restored version of the former Nijo Station building.
The fan-shaped warehouse, constructed in 1914 of reinforced concrete, was designated a National Important Cultural Property on December 10, 2004, along with a 5-ton electric overhead crane (completed in 1915) and a pull-in line.
In the same year, 2004, it was selected as a JSCE Recommended Civil Engineering Heritage Site.
In 2006, the former Nijo Station building (exhibition hall), the fan-shaped garage, a set of preserved steam locomotives, and a set of tools for inspection and repair were designated as quasi-railway monuments by JR West.
The former Nijo Station building was built in 1904 by Kyoto Railroad Company as its headquarters building, and is the oldest existing two-story wooden Japanese-style station building in Japan, modeled after Heian Shrine while taking the landscape into consideration.
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907, and was used as a station building by National Rail, then JR West, until 1996, when the Sanin Line (Sagano Line) was elevated between Nijo and Hanazono Stations (Kyoto Prefecture), when its role as a station building ended. The interior of the building, including the old ticket office, is used as an exhibition hall.
It was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City in April 1996.
The fan-shaped warehouse houses and displays 18 domestic steam locomotives of 16 types and 18 cars (17 cars of 16 types when the museum first opened) manufactured from the Taisho to Showa periods.
When the museum first opened, 15 cars were registered for dynamic preservation, omitting two cars, C53 Type 45 and C51 Type 239, but the number of cars eligible for preservation has since been reviewed several times, and as of 2006, there are seven dynamically preserved cars in seven models.
Two of them (C57 Type 1 and C56 Type 160) are used for pulling trains on the main lines, such as Yamaguchi Line "Yamaguchi (train)" and Hokuriku Line "Kita Biwako (train)".
Other than these two cars, the other dynamically preserved cars are registered but have not undergone general inspections, so they cannot run on the main line.
The museum also operates the "SL Steam" train on the museum's tracks, pulled by a dynamically preserved machine for display in the museum.
This exhibition line used to extend north from the garage to the northern edge of the site that is now a large car parking lot (where the museum's rest facilities and park used to be), but was changed to run parallel to the southern edge of Umekoji Park under the Sagano Line when the old Nijo Station building was moved to the present site.
It still functions as an engine yard and is connected to the sales line.
Furthermore, after the closure of the Takatori Works of West Japan Railway Company, the company has also taken on the maintenance of steam locomotives.
梅
It is derived from "ume," meaning plum alley. 
All cars, except for C62 Type 1, which was designated in 1976, were designated as quasi-railroad monuments in 2006, along with their history books and maintenance tools.
Those not otherwise noted were processed for transfer in 1972 from their previous institutional district.
◎ has been without car registry since the beginning of its preservation in Umekoji.
JNR class 8620 steam locomotive-Dynamic
1914 Motor car manufacturing.
Moved from Hirosaki Transportation District.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
JNR class 9600 steam locomotive
Made by Kawasaki Shipyard in 1914.
Transferred from Otaru Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
Static preservation in 1987.
JNR B20 class steam locomotive - Dynamic
Made by Tateyama Heavy Industries in 1946.
Transferred from Kagoshima Engine Works.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
In 2002, the museum was dynamically restored to commemorate its 30th anniversary.
JNR class C11 steam locomotive
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1940.
Transferred from Koriyama General Rolling Stock Center, Aizu Wakamatsu Branch.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1987.
JNR C51 class steam locomotive ◎
1927 Automobile manufacturing.
Scrapped at Niitsu Transportation District in 1962.
The train had been stored at Niigata Railway Academy as a teaching material in an incised condition, and was restored at Nagano General Rolling Stock Center on the occasion of the Umekoji relocation.
JNR class C53 steam locomotive ◎Japanese
1928 Automobile manufacturing.
Scrapped at Umekoji Engine Depot in 1950.
After being stored at the Japan National Railways Suita Training Center, it has been preserved at the Museum of Transportation Science since 1961.
JNR class C55 steam locomotive
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1935.
Transferred from Asahikawa Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
JNR C56 class steam locomotive - dynamic (with car registry, main line operation possible)
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1939.
Moved from Matsumoto Transportation District.
JNR C57 class steam locomotive - dynamic (with car registry, main line operation possible)
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1937.
Transferred from Sakura Engine District.
JNR class C58 steam locomotive
1938 Automobile manufacturing.
Transferred from Kitami Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1987.
JNR C59 class steam locomotive
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1946.
Transferred from Nara Operation Center.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
JNR C61 class steam locomotive - dynamic (with car register)
Made by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in 1948.
Transferred from the Miyazaki Engine Works.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
The car registry was restored in 1987.
JNR class C62 steam locomotive ◎Japanese
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1948.
Scrapped at Hiroshima No.2 Engine Depot in 1967.
Designated as a quasi-railroad monument in 1986 and stored at the Hiroshima Railway Academy.
Moved to Umekoji in 1994.
C62 Type 2 - Dynamic (with car register)
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1948.
Transferred from Otaru Chikko Kikan Kikan.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
The car registry was restored in 1987.
JNR D50 class steam locomotive
Made by Hitachi Manufacturing in 1925.
Transferred from Nogata Engine District.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
JNR D51 class steam locomotive
Manufactured by Kawasaki Sharyo in 1936.
Transferred from Hamada Engine Works.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1987.
D51 Type 200 - Dynamic (with car register)
Made in 1938 at the Hamamatsu Works of the Tokai Railway Company of the Ministry of Railways.
Transferred from Nakatsugawa Engine District.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979 (fire-preserved).
The car registry was restored in 1987.
JNR D52 class steam locomotive
Made by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in 1946.
Transferred from Goryokaku Engine District.
The vehicle registration was cancelled in 1979.
Image JRW-B2010B20 Type 10
Image JNR96339633
Image D50 140 and other Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum mg540D50 Type 140
Image D51-1andC62-1UmekojiD51 class 1 and C62 class 1
Image JNR-D51200D51 Type 200 (Steam)
Image JNR-C5345C53 class 45
ImageJRW-C56160C56 class 160 (SL Kita-Biwako)
(Image 200608200011.JPG)
Image JNR-C621-SteamLocoC62 Type 1
Image JRW-C622C62 Type 2
JNR DE10 diesel locomotive
There is a car registry and two cars belong to it.
JNR Series 50 Coach
Used as a break room.
At first glance, the house appears to be in its original form, but the back side of the house is lined with piping for a household air conditioner and an outdoor unit.
Also, toilets are not available.
Umekoji 90-nen-history" (West Japan Railway Company, 2004) ISBN4777050718
JNR Sharyo 12 Tokaido Line III" (JNR Sharyo 12 Tokaido Line III) (Kisai-sha, 1984) ISBN458653012X
Takahiro Seki "Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
Koyusha "Railroad Fan (Magazine)" December 1994 No.404 Special Feature - Umekoji Steamers in Service
The history of each preserved machine, commemorating the maintenance of Umekoji Park and the entry of Unit C621 in 1994.
Reizo Takayama "Umekoji Monogatari" 1 & 2
Koyusha "Railway Fan" January-February 1998 No.441-442
Shomyo is a form of traditional Japanese music.
It is religious music with verses added to Buddhist scriptures and used in rituals.
In Japan, it is also called Bonbai or Bonnoku.
In the old script, it is written "聲明" (聲明).
One of the ancient Indian disciplines (Gomyo).
Gomyo refers to five different fields of study: shomyo (phonetics and grammar), koukoumei (crafts and technical theory), iimpomei (medicine), inmei (ethics), and neimei (the study of one's own religion, or Buddhist studies in the case of Buddhists).
It was introduced and took root with the arrival of Buddhism in Japan.
There is a record of a Buddhist memorial service using shomyo (Buddhist chanting) held in 754 during the Todaiji Great Buddha Opening Ceremony, suggesting that shomyo was actively practiced in the Nara period.
In the early Heian period (794-1185), Saicho and Kukai introduced their own shomyo, which became the basis for the Tendai shomyo and Shingon shomyo.
Buddhist sects other than the Tendai and Shingon sects also have their own unique shomyo (Buddhist chanting) traditions, which are still carried on today.
Since the shomyo was transmitted orally (kuden), there was no musical score.
This made transmission extremely difficult.
Later, the doctor (hakase) was invented, which was later referred to as sheet music.
In addition, there are differences in terminology, such as doctorate, among the various schools.
However, the doctor is a reference for chanting, and if one wishes to master the statement, oral transmission (also called roi) (face to face teaching by a teacher) is necessary, and the school cannot be maintained and passed on from master to disciple.
To this end, it was essential to develop leaders and successors.
A combination of conditions led to the abolition of many schools.
The Tendai Shomyo was based on what was transmitted by Saicho and developed in its own way.
After Saicho, Ennin and Anzen promoted it.
Ryoninobu, the founder of Yutsu Nenbutsu, is known as the founder of the middle school.
In 1109, Ryonin built Raigo-in Temple (Sakyo-ku, Kyoto) in Ohara, Kyoto.
The mountain name of Raigo-in Temple in Ohara was called Gyozan (魚山) in reference to Gyozan, the birthplace of the Chinese Buddhist chanting.
Eventually, the two temples of Raigo-in and Shorin-in became known as the dojo of the Ohara-ryu Uozan shomyo.
In addition, there were two schools of statements in Ohara, with Jakuhara later becoming one of the schools.
Later, Soukai revived Ohara's statement.
Zanchi built a stream based on a new musical theory.
Since then, it has been the core of the Tendai Shomyo and has been succeeded by the current Tendai Shomyo.
The shomyo of the Yutsu Nembutsu sect, the Jodo sect, and the Jodo Shin sect are in the lineage of the Tendai shomyo.
The Shingon Shomyo (Shingon Statement) is based on the one transmitted by Kukai and has continued to the present day.
It was not until after the masa that the statement was systematized.
Kancho can be regarded as the founder of the middle ages among them.
He worked on the composition and maintenance of the statement.
Until the Kamakura period (1185-1333), there were many schools, but they were grouped into four schools (Honjoin-ryu, Shinjoin-ryu, Daigoi-ryu, and Nakagawa Daishin-ryu) under the leadership of Prince Kakusei.
Kogi Shingon shomyo declined and died out through the Edo period.
The Honjoin, Shinjoin, and Daigo schools had all been discontinued by around the middle of the Meiji period.
Today, it is divided into Chizan Shomyo (Chizakuin Temple, Kyoto), Buzan Shomyo (Haseji Temple, Nara), and Nanzan Shinryu (Koyasan, Kyoto, a temple of the Kogi Shingon sect).
Chizan Shomyo and Toyoyama Shomyo (Shingi Shingon Shomyo) The Shomyo of the Chizan School of Shingon Buddhism and the Toyoyama School of Shingon Buddhism both originated from the Nakagawa Daishin School.
Rai Yu adopted the ancient school of Daigo.
After Negoroji Temple (Wakayama Prefecture) was burnt down by Toyotomi Hideyoshi in 1583 and declined, the Chizan and Toyozan schools came to form a sect based on the ancient Daigo school.
Characteristically, it is referred to as Toyozan's "discussion" and Chizan's "statement.
It was based on the Nanzan Shinryu (Kogi Shingon Shuji Shomyo) Nakagawa Daishinryu.
Nakagawa Daishin-ryu was founded by Daishin of Nakagawa-ji Temple in Nara.
During the Jouei period (1232-1233), Shoshin moved his headquarters to Koyasan Rengeya and Sanboin.
Later, it was called Nanzan Shinryu, after Nanzan, another name for Koyasan (Mt. Koya).
Also called Shinryu and Nozan Shinryu.
Onkyoku, such as heikyoku, yokyoku, minyo, and joruri, can be said to be a transfiguration of shomyo.
The influence it has had on monophonic music is significant.
Emperor Tenchi (Tenchi-tenno/ Tenji-tenno.
Male.
34th year of the reign of Emperor Suiko (626) - December 3, 10th year of the reign of Emperor Tenchi (January 7, 672).
The 38th Emperor of Japan.
His national epithet is Amemikoto Hirakasunowake no Mikoto (Amemikoto Hirakasunowake no Mikoto/Amatsumikoto Sakisawake no Mikoto).
His posthumous name was Katsuragi (KAZURAKI)
Prince Katsuragi in his lifetime
He is generally known as Prince Nakataio (中大兄皇子, Nakano-Oe-no-Oji / Nakano-Oe-no-Miko).

general view
The second prince of Emperor Seimei.
Her mother was Princess Takara (later Emperor Kogoku).
The empress was the daughter of her half-brother, Prince Furuhito the Great, Princess Yamahime.
He conspired with Nakatomi Kamatari and others to stage a coup d'etat, killing Soga Iruka and enthroning his uncle, Emperor Kotoku, who himself became the crown prince.
He also instituted the new era name of Taika and carried out various reforms (Otomi Incident, a central figure in the Taika Reformation).
He also trapped and executed those who might later stage a coup d'etat, such as Prince Arima.
After Baekje was destroyed by Tang and Silla in 660, Buyeo Pungzhang, a Baekje prince who had been staying at the imperial court, was sent back to restore Baekje.
He stayed in Tsukushi to lead the Baekje relief efforts, but in 661, Emperor Saimei collapsed (died).
In 663, after suffering a crushing defeat in the Battle of Hakumura-jiang, the capital was relocated to Otsu City, where he acceded to the throne.
After the Battle of Hakuchon River, water castles, beacons, and defenders were established as part of the policy of land defense.
He also reformed the coronation system, moving from the 19th to the 26th rank.
In 670, he also had the oldest national family register in Japan, the Gengo Nenregistration, created.
The Chronicles of Japan tells us that Emperor Tenchi wanted his first prince Otomo to succeed to the throne.
However, in the Jinshin Rebellion that followed Tenchi's death, his younger brother, Emperor Omihito (Temmu), defeated Emperor Otomo and ascended to the throne.
Thereafter, emperors of the Temmu line continued until Emperor Shoutoku.
After Shoutoku's death, Tenchi's grandson, King Shirakabe, ascended the throne as Emperor Konin, and from then on the line became the Tenchi line.
It is said that he sent four of his (own) daughters to Prince Ohkaijin as princesses to atone for his sin, since he had taken King Nukata from Prince Ohkaijin.
brief personal record
Suiko 34 (626) - Birth
June 14, the 4th year of the Emperor's reign (July 12, 645) - Crown Prince established
July 24, Saito 7 (August 24, 661) - Weighing system
January 3, 7 Tenchi (February 20, 668) - Reign
December 3, 10 Tenchi (January 7, 672) - Died at age 46
(In the Fuso Biographical Sketches, there is another theory that he was assassinated by Emperor Temmu because he is said to have gone missing in the mountains, "一云天皇駕馬幸山階鄕更無還御永交山林不知崩所只以履沓落處爲其山陵以往諸皇以往諸皇不知原因恒事殺害.)
The fact that Emperor Tenchi did not ascend to the throne for so long is one of the mysteries of the political history of the mid-7th century.
There are several theories that have been discussed about this.
Consideration for the forces promoting Emperor Temmu.
That is, it is based on the theory that Emperor Tenmu was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi, which has been conventionally accepted as the established theory, and that he was the son of Emperor Han, who was born before Emperor Kōkyoku married Emperor Seimei, and that he was the half-brother of Emperor Tenchi.
Indeed, if we calculate the birth year backwards based on the enjoyment years of Emperor Tenchi in the Nihon Shoki and Emperor Temmu in some history books, Temmu would be the older of the two.
However, no discrepancies were found between the same historical records, and many historical records have an age difference of about 8 to 9 years.
In response to this, there is an argument that "Tenchi's age was intentionally raised because it would be bad form to say that a younger brother, even though his father was different from him, was the one to take the place of his elder brother," but "the age of 16 years old that appears in the Nihon-shoki, which was the age at which his father Emperor Seimei ascended to the throne, was mistakenly set to the age at which he collapsed. The "Chronicles of Japan" is a collection of the writings of Emperor Seimei.
So the true year of birth is 614, the year adopted by Honcho Kohin Shaunroku and others.
In the case of Tenmu, the title of "shōnin" was not rare in ancient times (in fact, Tenchi and Mochito, who reigned before and after Tenmu, also held the title of shōsei and did not immediately ascend to the throne).
), which caused the error.
Some argue that the "Nihon Shoki" and the other history books pointed out in the book cannot be treated as the same because they were compiled in different periods and have different characteristics.
(See also "Age of Emperor Temmu.")
The theory is that the Otomi Incident was a coup d'etat by Emperor Karu (Emperor Kotoku) and that Emperor Nakataio was forced out of his position.
It has been noted in recent years that the relationship between Emperor Nakataio and Soga Iruka was relatively good and that their basic policies were similar.
This would give Prince Nakataio no motive to kill Iruka.
This theory has also been advocated because falsifications are found in the Taika-no-kaishin account of the Nihonshoki.
This theory has also attracted attention because it explains other questions, such as the reason for Emperor Kōkyoku's abdication and why the Soga clan other than Iruka was not exiled after the coup.
The theory is that the accession to the throne was delayed due to opposition to Tenchi's relations with women.
This is based on the suggestion that a poem written by Emperor Kotoku in the Nihon shoki (Chronicles of Japan) to his wife, Princess Mamito (Tenchi's half-sister), suggests an adulterous relationship between her and Tenchi.
In "Heavenly Rainbow," written by Michiko Satonaka, the story is interpreted to mean that they actually had a relationship. He was reprimanded by the enraged Emperor Arima.
The theory is that after the death of Emperor Saimei, Princess Mamito succeeded to the throne as the consort of the previous emperor, but the record was erased for some reason.
This is based on the theory that "Chūō-no-Mikoto" in the Manyōshū is the Princess Mājin, and that "Chūō-no-Mikoto" can be interpreted as an intermediary emperor before the accession to the throne of Tenchi.
