Dogen is a Zen monk in the early Kamakura period.
The founder of the Soto sect.
In his later years, he also used the name Kinzen.
In the religion, he is referred to as Takaso.
The shogun is a French Denkokushi teacher, Seiyo Daishi_ (monk).
Generally, it is called Dogen Zen.
It is said that it has spread the habit of toothpaste and cleaning when eating in Japan.
There is a theory that he brought back Mosochiku (Moso bamboo) first.
There are many points that Michimoto's birth is unknown, but various theories agree in the fact that they were born in the legitimate style of the Minister of the Interior Minister Domon (Genchi or Kuga).
According to the established theory, it is said that he was born as a child of Iko Fujiwara, the daughter of his parents and the daughter of Matsudono Matsudono (Motobo Fujiwara) at Matsudono Sanso, Kyoto, but in recent studies, it is an adoptive father.
There is also a theory that the child of his parents, Genmune or Tsukumitsu Kuga, is his father.
According to the biography, "Kenjiki," he lost his father (his parents) at the age of three and his mother at the age of eight, and became an adopted child of his half -brother, Horikawa.
According to one theory, after the death of my parents, there was a story from my mother's uncle, Shonen family (former Minister of regulation), and wanted to be a pine family's adoptive son, but Michimoto, who felt the impermanence of the world, refused.
There is a theory that Shinran, the founder of Jodo Shinshu, was familiar with each other's relatives, but there is no confirmation.
There is a theory that the volume of "life and death" in the book "Shoho -Our" was written for Shinran.
3 years (1213) Visit his mother, Yoshiaki, the mother of Mt. Hiei.
In 1214, he departed about the Tendai Splate's Democratic Yen and called himself the Buddhist Bunch.
Tendai Sosonokyo under the Kotane of Sonojoji Temple in 1215 (1215).
Studied in Keninji in Keninji in 1217 (1217).
Sadaya 2 years (1223), along with the clearness of Hakata from Hakata to the Southern Song, and is impressed by the Soto sect of the Soto sect.
Returned to Japan 2 years (1228).
Tenpuku (Japan) The first year (1233) Opens Kosei -ji Temple in Kyoto Fukakusa.
At this time, he was suppressed from Mt. Hiei.
In July of the first year of Kanemoto (1243), he moved to Echizen Shigaso by the invitation of Yoshishige Tano Yoshishige in Echizen country.
On the way, stop in Kuchiki Village in response to the invitation of the lord of Kuchiki Village Sasaki (derived from Kosei -ji Temple (Takashima City))
Opened Daibutsu Temple in the umbrella pine in Kanemoto 2 (1244).
In Kanemoto 4 (1246), Daibutsuji Temple was changed to Eihei -ji Temple, and the issue was changed to Kinzen.
At this time, he turned to Kamakura for cultivation due to the invitation of Toki Hojo Hojo and Yoshishige Hata.
Although the cultivation period in Kamakura was half a year, it was the beginning of pure Zen Kohisyoshi in the Kanto region.
Due to the illness of 1253 (1253), he gave Eiheiji Temple to his disciple's isolated naoronzang, died in a residence of disciples (Takatsuji -dong -dong -dori, Kyoto), and died of 54 years old (53 years old).
The cause of death is considered an ulcer.
The Buddha is not completed by reaching a certain level, but even if it is a Buddha, it is the essence of the Buddha (like a paralysis), which is the essence of the Buddha (like the Cerival Ceremony), even if it is a Buddha.
Many of the Kamakura Buddhism affirm the end of the memorial service, but the status of Shoho -Ouruzo said, "Now, this word is completely unusual.
Standing the positive statue in the Buddhist law, it is a convenience for a while.
There are only true teaching roads.
Ryo, everyone should do it.
None of the world in the world can win.
There is also a mysterious and rare aspect of Asama.
The Buddha, various commandments, etc. are separated, and all of them are for the sentient beings, and the lower root.
It's a Buddhist machine.
Don't think it's a non -device, and say that you should always get it. "
"Shohobo Genzo" (Shobo Genzo)
"Shoho Genzo, Shoho -Ouruzoji Japanese Classical Literature University 81" (Minoru Nishio and other schools. Iwanami Shoten, 1965)
"Contemporary Language Translation Originally Hoshizo (1) ~ (12)" (Translated by Kazuo Nishijima. Kanazawa Bunko, 1970)
"Shoho Houzo (1) ~ (4)" (Yahoko Mizuno School. Iwanami Bunko, 1990)
"Shoho Genzo" (translated by Kyoji Ishii, Kawade Bunko, 2004)
"Eihei Hiroikoku" (Translated by Kyoji Ishii, Kawade Shobo Shinsha, 2005)
"Kiyoshi Eihei"
"Noriza lesson" (Tenzokyo -kun)
"Noriza Lesson Porridge Idoi" (Shohachi Nakamura and other all translations. Kodansha Academic Library, 1991)
"Treding porridge rice" (Fusukunho)
"Shoho-Ouruzoji" (Shobo Genzozuimonki) Lecture record of Michimoto.
"Shoho -Ourouzen Shiki Shinko Note" (Michiho Okubo Note. Yamakibusa French Forest, 1958)
"Shoho -Ourouzo Suzuki" (Introduction of Furuta Kinju. Kadokawa Bunko, 1960)
"Shoho -Ouruzoji" (Modified Tetsuro Watsutsu. Iwanami Bunko, 1982 version)
"Shoho -Ouruzoji" (translated by Yahoko Mizuno. Chikuma Gakugei Bunko, 1992)
"Shoho -Ourouzaki Modern Language Translation" (translated by Rosuke Ikeda. Okura Publishing, 1993)
"Shoho -Ouruzoji" (Masakazu Yamazaki, Masakazu Yamazaki, Kodansha Academic Library, 2003)
"Dogen Zen Master Complete Works" Supervised by Mototaka Kagami, published by Spring and Autumn.
references
Satomi "The story of Dogen Zen Master" (Iwanami Bunko)
Michio Takeuchi "Dogen" Yoshikawa Kobunkan (Public Series) 1962
Shinyoshi Takahashi "The Life of Dogen Zen Master" Treasure Bunkan 1963
Keimuro Gai "Dogen" New person traffic company 1971
Aima Imegue "Dogen Zazen Sushi no Saemon" Japan Broadcasting Publishing Association (NHK Books) 1976
Akira Suganuma "Domoto Dictionary" Tokyo -do Publishing 1977
Mototaka Kagamishima and Koshiro Tamaki edition "Course Michimoto" All 6 volumes of Spring Shrine 1979-81
Koshiro Tamaki "Dogen" Shunju Shrine 1996
Ryotaro Shiba "Dogen" "Echizen's Road" 18, Asahi Shimbun, 49-61 pages.
Ryotaro Shiba, "The Single Monk in the Yamanaka" (collected in the same rank), pp. 63-76.
Ryotaro Shiba, "Houke -ji Temple's cloudwater" (collected at the same place), pp. 77-89.
Ryotaro Shiba "Image of Junken" (collected in the same rank), pp. 91-104.
Kazuhei Tachiematsu "Dogen Zenju" Tokyo Book, 2007
Umekoji Steam Location Museum is a railway preservation exhibition facility for steam locomotives operated by West Japan Railway (JR West) in Kankiji -cho, Shimogyo -ku, Kyoto -shi, Kyoto.
On October 10, 1972, the Japanese National Railway was opened using a fan -shaped warehouse in the Umekoji Engine Ward in Shimogyo -ku, Kyoto, to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Japanese railway, and supported Japanese railway transportation for one century.
JR West took over in the JNR split privatization in 1987.
In addition, the facility itself is an active depot (Umekoji driving area), and has been examined and repaired by steam locomotives and the national railway DE10 type diesel locomotive owned by the Sagano Tourism Railway.
In the first place, the opening of this facility was to save steam locomotives, which had rapidly disappeared since the late 1960s.
Initially, the Koyama Branch District, which was located in Koyama Station, Tochigi Prefecture, was the most prominent candidate for preserved institutions because it was close to the Tokyo metropolitan area, but it was located in the "central part of Japan".
In principle, the vehicle to be preserved was to select the most youngest vehicle (preferably Unit 1), but some vehicles, such as the C62 Unit 2, were not planned at first.
The facility consists of a steam locomotive exhibition hall that utilizes a fan -shaped room and a turntable of the former Umekoji Engine Ward, and a "Material Exhibition Hall", which is relocated and restored from the former Nijo station building.
The fan -shaped storage was made of reinforced concrete built in 1914, and was designated as a national important cultural property along with a 5T electric ceiling crane (completed in 1915) on December 10, 2004.
In 2004, he was encouraged to a civil engineering in the Civil Engineering Society.
In 2006, the former Nijo Station building (exhibition hall) and the fan -shaped garage from JR West and the set of steam locomotives and a set of tools for inspection and repair were designated as a railway monument.
The former Nijo Station building was built in Japan, which was built by the Kyoto Railway in 1904 as a headquarters building, and imitated the Heian Jingu Shrine in consideration of the landscape.
The Kyoto Railway was nationalized in 1907, which was used as a NATIONALRAIL, followed by a JR West station building.
It was designated as a cultural property of Kyoto City in April 1996.
In the fan -shaped storage, 18 cars (16 cars 16 at the beginning of the museum), which are manufactured from the Taisho to the Showa era, are accommodated and displayed.
At the beginning of the museum, dynamics were in principle, and there were 15 cars on the C53 Type 45 and C51 No. 239, and there were 15 cars.
Among them, 5 cars and 5 cars still have a car register, and 2 cars (C57 No. 1, C56 type 160), such as the Yamaguchi Line "Yamaguchi (train)" and the Hokuriku Main Line "Kita -Biwako (train)".
Although there are vehicle registered machines other than these two cars, they cannot run on the main line because they do not have a general inspection.
In addition, the "SL Steam" is driven on the tracks in the hall, leading to a dynamic storage machine for exhibitions in the building.
This exhibition driver was once north of the garage, and it was located on the northern end of the site of a large car parking lot (used to have a rest facility and park in the hall), but for the relocation of the former Nijo station station building.
It still has a function as an engine ward and is connected to the business line.
In addition, after the closure of the West Japan Passenger Railway Takatori Plant, he also has the development of steam locomotives.
plum
Derived from "plum", which means Umekoji.
All vehicles except the C62 No. 1, which were designated in 1976, were designated as a semi -railway monument in 2006, along with their car records and maintenance tools.
For those without any special items, the transfer procedure was taken in 1972 from the previous institutional ward.
◎ has no car register from the beginning of the preservation on Umekoji.
JNR 8620 Type Steam locomotive-Dynamic
1914 car manufacturing.
Transferred from Hirosaki Transport District.
In 1979, the car was eliminated (preserved with fire).
JNR 9600 type steam locomotive
Made by Kawasaki Shipyard in 1914.
Transferred from Otaru driving station.
In 1979, the car was eliminated (preserved with fire).
1987 Still static preservation.
JNR B20 type steam locomotive-dynamic
Made in 1946 Tateyama Heavy Industries.
Transferred from Kagoshima engine ward.
In 1979, the car was deleted.
In commemoration of the 30th anniversary of the opening in 2002, the dynamic was restored.
JNR C11 type steam locomotive
Made by Kawasaki vehicles in 1940.
Transfer from Koriyama General Vehicle Center Aizuwakamatsu school.
In 1987, the car was deleted.
JNR C51 type steam locomotive ◎
1927 automobile manufacturing.
Vapped in the Niitsu Transport Zone in 1962.
The Niigata Railway Gakuen, which was stored as a teaching material in an incision, was restored at the Nagano General Vehicle Center for relocating Umekoji.
JNR C53 type steam locomotive ◎
1928 automotive manufacturing.
In 1950, scrapped in the Umekoji engine ward.
It was preserved in the Transportation Science Museum since 1961 after the storage of the JNR Suita Driving School.
JNR C55 type steam locomotive
Made by Kawasaki vehicles in 1935.
Moved from Asahikawa Driving Station.
In 1979, the car was deleted.
JNR C56 type steam locomotive-dynamic (with a vehicle register, can operate the main line)
Made by Kawasaki vehicles in 1939.
Transferred from Matsumoto Transportation District.
JNR C57 Type Steam locomotive-Dynamic (with a vehicle register, can operate the main line)
Made by Kawasaki vehicles in 1937.
Transferred from Sakura Engine Ward.
JNR C58 type steam locomotive
1938 automobile manufacturing.
Transferred from Kitami Driving Station.
In 1987, the car was deleted.
JNR C59 type steam locomotive
Made by Hitachi in 1946.
Transferred from Nara Driving Station.
In 1979, the car was deleted.
JNR C61 Type Steam locomotive-Dynamic (with vehicle registered)
Made in Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in 1948.
Transferred from Miyazaki engine ward.
In 1979, the car was eliminated (preserved with fire).
1987 Revived car.
JNR C62 type steam locomotive ◎
Made by Hitachi in 1948.
In 1967, the car was scrapped in the Hiroshima Daini Engine Zone.
In 1986, specified in the quasi -railway monument, stored at Hiroshima Railway Gakuen.
Relocated to Umekoji in 1994.
C62 Unit 2-Dynamic (with car register)
Made by Hitachi in 1948.
Transferred from Otaru Tsukito Minato Institute.
In 1979, the car was eliminated (preserved with fire).
1987 Revived car.
JNR D50 type steam locomotive
Made by Hitachi in 1925.
Transferred from the righteous engine ward.
In 1979, the car was deleted.
JNR D51 type steam locomotive
Made by Kawasaki vehicles in 1936.
Transferred from Hamada engine ward.
In 1987, the car was deleted.
D51 Type No. 200-Dynamic (with a car register)
Made by the Ministry of Railway Ministry of Railway Ministry of Railway's Tokai Passenger Railway Hamamatsu Plant.
Transferred from Nakatsugawa engine ward.
In 1979, the car was eliminated (preserved with fire).
1987 Revived car.
JNR D52 type steam locomotive
Made in Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in 1946.
Transferred from Goryokaku Engine Ward.
In 1979, the car was deleted.
Image JRW-B2010B20 Type 10
Image JNR96339633
Image D50 140 and other Umekoji Steam Location Museum MG540D50 Type 140
Image D51-1ANDC62-1UMEKOJID51 Type 1 and C62 Type 1
Image JNR-D51200D51 Type 200 (Steam No.)
Image JNR-C5345C53 Type 45
Image JRW-C56160C56 Type 160 (SL Kita Biwako)
Image 200608200011.jpg)
Image JNR-C621-STEAMLOCOC62 Type 1
Image JRW-C622C62 Type 2
JNR DE10 Diesel locomotive
There is a car register and belongs to two cars.
JNR 50 series passenger car
Used as a rest room.
At first glance, the original shape is fastened, but the piping of a home cooler is piped on the back side, and outdoor units are lined up.
In addition, the toilet cannot be used.
"Umekoji 90 Years History" (West Japan Railway, 2004) ISBN4777050718
"JNR vehicle 12 Tokaido Line III" (Childcare Company, 1984) ISBN458653012X
Takahiro Seki "Umekoji Steam Location Museum"
Friendship Society "Railway Fan (Magazine)" December 1994 issue No.404 Special Feature / Umekoji Steamed Dynasty
In 1994, commemorating the maintenance of Umekoji Park and entering the C621 unit.
Takayama Reizo "Umekoji no -no -no -no -no -no -Teri" 1.2
Friendship Society "Railway Fan" January 1998 issue to February issue No.441-442
A statement is one of the traditional Japanese music.
It is a religious music that is used for rituals with a knot on the Buddhist scriptures.
In Japan, it is also called Bonbai and Bonnuku.
In the old font, it is written as a voice.
One of the ancient Indian disciplines (Gomei / Gomyo).
Gomei is a statement (phoneme / grammar), art of art (crafts and technical theory), medical kata (medical), factor (ethics), and inner Akira (for the learning of your own sect, Buddhists.
It was transmitted and established with Buddhist tradition to Japan.
In 754 (Tenpei Katsuho 4th year), there was a record in which a statement used a statement was made at the time of the opening of the Todaiji Temple Great Buddha, and it is thought that a statement was actively made in the Nara period.
In the early Heian period, Saisumi and Kukai gave their statements, and became the basis of Tendai statements and Shinton statements.
The Buddhist religions other than the Tendai sect and the Shingon sect also have a unique statement of each sect and are still inherited.
There was no score to convey the statement in the oral tradition.
As a result, the teaching was extremely difficult.
Later, Dr. Hakase, who was scoring, was invented.
In addition, there are differences in technical terms such as doctors depending on each style.
However, Dr. is a reference for singing, and if you try to learn a statement, you need an oral tradition (also called Roy), and you cannot maintain or inherit the school from a teacher to a disciple.
For this reason, the development of instructors and successors was essential.
Various conditions overlapped, and many schools have been abolished.
The Tendai statement was based on what Saisumi told, and it has a unique development.
After the Saisumi, Enjin and Azen were excited.
Ryobu, the ancestor of the mentoring Buddha, is known as the ancestor of Chuko.
In 1109 (Tennin 2 years), Ryobu built a visit to Ohara, Kyoto (Sakyo -ku, Kyoto).
The mountain name of Ohara's visit was called Uoyama, which was simulated by Gyosan, the birthplace of Chinese statements.
Eventually, the two temples of Katsushi -in Katsubayashi -in became known as the dojo of the Ohara Ryuyama statement.
Later, Jakuhara became a group, and Ohara had a statement of two lines.
Later, Muneki revived the Ohara statement.
Enhancement has built a flow based on a new music theory.
Since then, the center of the Tendai statement has been inherited by the current statement of Tendai.
The statement of the mites of the Buddhist Buddhist sect, the Jodo sect, and the Jodo Shinshu is the line of the Tendai statement.
The true word statement is based on what Kukai has reported, and it is up to the present.
The statement has been systematized only after Masaga.
Kancho can be said to be the ancestor of Chuko.
He worked on composition and maintenance of the statement.
Until the Kamakura period, there were many schools, but by the King of the Famous Law, it was summarized in four schools (the following clinic, the new appropriate hospital, the Daigo -style, and the Nakagawa Daisetsu).
The statement of Shingon Shingon sect has declined and abolished during the Edo period.
The following clinic, the new appropriate hospital, and the Daigo style were abolished by the middle of the Meiji era.
Currently, it is divided into a statement of Chiza (Chizan) (Kyoto / Chizumi -in), a statement of Toyoyama (Nara / Hase -dera), and Susumu Minamiyama (Nanshinryu / Koyasan, Kyoto / Koyoshi Shin -Shingon Temple).
The statement of the Tomoyama statement / Toyoyama statement (Shinyoshi Shinjuku sect statement) The statements of the Shingon sect and the Shingon sect Toyoyama school are originally derived from the Nakagawa Daishin stream.
Yoriyu adopted the old style of Daigo.
In 1583 (Tensho 13), when Negoro -ji Temple (Wakayama Prefecture) was burned down by Toyotomi Hideyoshi and declined, both factions of Tomoyama and Toyoyama began to form a group based on the old style of Daigo.
The feature is called the "debate" of Toyoyama and the "statement" of Tomoyama.
Nanzan Shin -ryu (Koyoshi Shin -sect statement) Nakagawa Daisetsu was based on the origin.
In the Nakagawa Daishin -ryu, Nara and Nakagawa -ji Temple is the ancestor.
During the Sadanaga period (1232-1233), the victory of Koyasan Mt.
Later, he named Nanzan, another name of Mt.
It is also called the stream and Noyama stream.
Sounds such as flat songs, songs, folk songs, and Joruri can be said to be conversion of statements.
The impact on single melody music is great.
Emperor Tenchi.
male.
Emperor Suiko 34 (626) -Parnic Emperor Tenchi December 3, 2010 (January 7, 672).
The 38th Emperor.
The Kunitsu Shogun is the Tennai Kaibetsu (only for Amami Kimono / Amatsumi Kimonokai).
諱 is Katsuragi (Kazuraki/Katsuragi).
It seems that it was called Prince Katsuragi (Miko Kazuragi/Miko Katsuragi).
Generally, it is known as the Prince of the Great Brothers (Naka Oto no Uji / Nakao no Miko).
"Great brother" is the meaning of the Crown Prince, and "Chuai Brother" is a word that means "the next Crown Prince".
Overview
The second prince of Emperor Shumei.
My mother is a treasure princess (later Emperor Emperor).
The empress is the daughter of the half -brother, the old brother of the old brother, the daughter of the Prince Wahime.
He plotted with Kamatari Nakago, raised a coup, killed Soga Iruka, and his uncle, Emperor Kotoku, became the Crown Prince.
He enacted the era of Daika and carried out various reforms (Otomi's change, the main character of the renovation of Daika).
He also trapped the forces that seemed to cause a coup after Prince Arima, and was sentenced to death.
Baekje was destroyed by Tang and Silla in 660, so he sent back the Baekje Prince and Juju Toyosho, who had stayed in the court, to rebuild Baekje.
He stayed in Chikushi to command Baekje Relief, but in 661 Emperor Saimei collapsed (died).
After a long time, he did not immediately to the throne, but in 663 he lost a great defeat in the battle of Shiramura, and then moved to Otsu City and joined.
After Shiramura's battle, Mizuki, a fire and fire protection were established as part of the national land defense policy.
In addition, the crown position is performing system reform from the 13th floor to the 26th floor.
In 670, he created the oldest national family register, Kogo, in Japan.
Nippon Shoki reported that Emperor Tenchi wanted to succeed the throne to the first prince, Otomo Otomo.
However, in the Mishin's rebellion that occurred after Tenchi's death, his younger brother, Prince Tenmu, beat Prince Otomo and joined.
Since then, the emperor of the Tenmu system has continued to the Imperial Emperor.
After the death of the name virtue, Tenchi's grandson, Shirakabe King, became the Emperor Mitsuhito, and after that it became a Tenchi system.
It is said that the four (his own) daughter (his own) daughter was sent as a princess as a princess as a princess as the Prince of the Ocean took away King Nukata.
Abbreviation
Sogo 34 (626) --Bawn
Imperial 4th year (July 12, 645) -Tatiko
Saimei July 24, 7 (August 24, 661) --Call
Tenchi 7 January 3rd (February 20, 668) --Tires
Tenchi December 3, 2010 (January 7, 672) -Dieed at the age of 46
(In "Fuso Omiki", one theory after the death theory of the death is "Ichigo Emperor's Houma Yukiyama Flat, Red No Redy Eagen Eijinba Shirakuri Shikutsukutsukutsukutsuku Shikutsukutsuku, Sanryo Emperor's Knowledge of the Royal Ryoso".
The fact that Emperor Tenchi did not join the long -term career is one of the mysteries in the political history of the 7th century.
There are several theories discussing this.
Consideration for the power that promotes Emperor Tenmu.
In other words, it is incorrect that Emperor Tenmu is the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi, which has been considered the conventional theory, and is the Han Prince born before Emperor Imperial Emperor Tenmei, and he is the extraordinary brother of Emperor Tenchi.
Certainly, if you calculate the age of the Emperor Tenmu in "Nihon Shoki" and the age of Emperor Tenmu in some historical books, Tenmu will be older.
However, there are no contradictions between the same historical materials, and many historical materials have a age difference of about 8 to 9 years old.
In response, he claimed, "" Although my father is different, my brother is a younger brother, so I intentionally raised the age of Tenchi. "
Therefore, the real year is 614, which was adopted by the Imperial Kane Shao Transport.
], "The empty position, which was not unusual in ancient times (in fact, Tenchi and Mochi, which had been reigned before and after Tenmu, did not immediately join.
) There was an error for that.
There are also opinions that other historical books, which are pointed out as "Nihon Shoki," are different in the times when they were compiled, so they cannot be treated the same.
(See also the section on "Emperor Tenmu")
Otomi's change is the coup of Kimono (Emperor Kotoku), and the Prince of the Chogai has been pursued his status.
In recent years, it has been pointed out that the relationship between Prince and Soga Iruka has been relatively good, and the basic policy is similar.
In that case, there is no motivation for the Chuo Brother Prince to kill the deer.
In addition, the description of the renovation of the Nihon Shoki has been tampered with, so this theory has been advocated.
In addition, this theory is attracting attention because other questions can be explained, such as the reason for the abdication of the emperor and the reason why Soga other than Iruka has not been expelled after the coup.
The theory that the throne was delayed from the opposition to Tenchi's female relations.
This is a song that Emperor Kotoku, who was described in "Nihon Shoki," suggests an affair between her and Tenchi in the song that the wife (Tenchi's mother and sister) (the mother and sister of Tenchi).
Romance and marriage between the siblings and sisters were allowed, but it was not allowed between the brothers and sisters of the brothers, but it was the love situation of the people at the time, but in the heavenly rainbow by Tomoko Satonaka, it is actually involved.
After the death of Emperor Saimei, the princess inherited the throne as the princess of the first generation, but the record was deleted for some reason.
This is a claim that the Manyoshu is the theory that the "Imperial Imperial Life" person is the princess, and that the "Imperial Life" can be interpreted as the emperor of the relay to the Tenchi throne.
