The way cause (how you appear) is a Zen priest of the early period of Kamakura era.
The initiator of the Soto sect.
I used the another name called 希玄 in later years.
It is done an honorific title with a forefather to the same sect effect.
諡 master of Buddha-nature biography eastern country, 承陽大師 _ (Buddhist priest).
In general, it is called a way former reverend.
I brush my teeth in Japan and wash my face and am said to have spread a custom of manners and the cleaning in case of the meal.
There is the opinion which took a kind of thick-stemmed bamboo (a kind of thick-stemmed bamboo) home with it first.
The birth of the origin of way has many any questions, but various opinions agree at the point created in the direct line of descendant of Home Secretary Michichika Tsuchimikado (Michichika Minamotono or Michichika Koga).
It is said that I was born as 通親 and a child of daughter Iko Fujiwara of the Prime Minister Matsu group bunch (Motofusa Fujiwara) in the established theory at Matsu mountain cottage of Kohata, Kyoto, but an opinion to do with the child of the tool for authority of Horikawa done with an adoptive father in the established theory in the recent study is becoming influential.
In addition, there is the opinion which assumes child of 通親, authority of source sect or Michimitsu Koga father.
According to "建撕記 which was a biography," I lost mother in 8 years old in father (通親) at 3 years old and became the adopted child of the authority of Horikawa tool who was a different mother older brother.
In addition, that, according to another view, want to do it to an heir by adoption of the Matsus from Matsu teacher (former regency Home Secretary) who is the uncle of the mother's side after the death of parents; found you easy to talk to, but is said to be it even if an origin of way which felt declined mutability of the world.
There is the opinion which I act as the kinsman of the mother's side with initiator Shinran of the Jodo Shin sect of Buddhism each other, and there was an acquaintance, but there is not the conclusive evidence.
The scroll of "the life and death" of the writing "original second highest rank among Buddhist priests storehouse" has an opinion written for Shinran.
I visit 叔父良顕 of the mother's side of Mt. Hiei-zan in 1213 (Kenryaku 3).
I become a priest about Prince head priest of the Tendai Sect Japanese yen in 1214 (Kenpo 2) and introduce myself as an origin of French jurisprudence bunch way.
I master Tendai sect education and researches by the cause of the public paternal blood of the garden castle temple in 1215 (Kenpo 3).
In 1217 (Kenpo 5) Kennin temple a pupil of the Sakae west light; all に apprenticeship.
1223 (Joo 2) light; receive license for south Soong from 天童如浄 of the Soto sect visiting many temples from all とともに Hakata.
1228 (Antei 2) returning home.
I open the interest Saint temple in Fukakusa, Kyoto in the heaven-sent happiness (Japan) first year (1233).
I receive oppression from Mt. Hiei-zan these days.
I move to Shihi, Echizen-so in July, 1243 (Kangen 1) at the invitation of lord of a manor Yoshishige Hatano of the Echizen country.
Depending on an invitation of feudal lord Nobutsuna Sasaki of Kutsugi-mura, I drop in at Kutsugi-mura on the way (origin of interest Saint temple (Takashima-shi))
I open the great statue of Buddha temple in Karakasamatsu in 1244 (Kangen 2).
I change the great statue of Buddha temple in Eiheiji in 1246 (Kangen 4) and change the issue to 希玄.
For bottoms for enlightenment by regent Tokiyori Hojo, the invitation of Yoshishige Hatano and others these days in Kamakura; do.
The enlightenment period in Kamakura was half a year, but became the beginning of the pure Zen prosperity in Kanto.
Hand over Eiheiji to Ejo Kon of the pupil because of illness in 1253 (Kencho 5), and die in a mansion (authority of House of authority of Kyoto-shi Takatsuji west sinus) of 俗弟子覚念, the age at death 54 (53 years old death).
The cause of death is considered to be 瘍.
It was not completed with the entering Nirvana by reaching the constant level, and it was essence of the entering Nirvana to continue infinite ascetic practices for further entering Nirvana (identification of Osamu uniqueness), and it insisted with (mere pipe sitting down on the mat) that was the best ascetic practices to only drive into the posture of contemplation after the fashion of Buddha even if it entered Nirvana.
Most of Kamakura sects of Buddhism affirm pessimism due to the belief in the third and last stage of Buddhism, but in 正法眼蔵随聞記 "now 云 く, this 言 ふことは, totally fault.
It is rising in the French jurisprudence in an original image end (Shozo waits), the means that is earnest for a while (いっと).
Religion way measles of the truth is not it.
Everybody who does not do 依行 is うべきなり.
It is necessarily 皆勝 れたるにあらず a Buddhist priest of the lifetime.
It is rare (けう) and spreads Asama, and there are heart, base character strangely though it becomes.
Buddha, various kinds of 戒法等 for reason 給 ふ 事, all creatures, people with an inferior capacity for understanding the advanced tenets of Buddhism whom everybody has weak.
All the people are planes of French jurisprudence.
He who was incapacity or 思 ふ 事, 依行 せば were not only advantageous べきなり and people superior in pupil a large number of people of Buddha Era by all means and raised thing and denied degenerate age when the degenerate age was only a means theory.
"The original second highest rank among Buddhist priests storehouse" (しょうぼうげんぞう)
"The original second highest rank among Buddhist priests storehouse, 正法眼蔵随聞記日本古典文学大系 81" (Minoru Nishio others school note.in Iwanami Shoten, 1965)
"Living language reason teachings of Buddha eyes storehouse (one) ..." (one or two) (Kazuo Nishijima reason.in Kanazawabunko, 1970)
"Original second highest rank among Buddhist priests storehouse (one) ..." (four) (Yaoko Mizuno school note.in Iwanami library, 1990)
"The original second highest rank among Buddhist priests storehouse" (Kyoji Ishii reason, river appearance library, 2004)
"永平広録" (Kyoji Ishii reason, river appearance Publishing new company, 2005)
"永平清規"
"A priest in charge of miscellaneous affairs lesson" (てんぞきょうくん)
"典座教訓赴粥飯法" (Shohachi Nakamura others complete translation note.in Kodansha arts and sciences library, 1991)
"赴粥飯法" (ふしゅくはんほう)
The correspondence course of the origin of "正法眼蔵随聞記" (しょうぼうげんぞうずいもんき) 懐奘編 - way.
"正法眼蔵随聞記新校註解" (Doshu Okubo comments.in YAMAKI bunch Buddhist scriptures forest, 1958)
"正法眼蔵随聞記" (Shokin Furuta translation with notes.in Tsunogawa library, 1960)
"正法眼蔵随聞記" (Tetsuro Watsuji revision.in Iwanami library, 1982 version up)
"正法眼蔵随聞記" (Yaoko Mizuno reason.in ちくま arts and sciences library, 1992)
"正法眼蔵随聞記現代語訳" (Rosan Ikeda reason.in Okura publication, 1993)
"正法眼蔵随聞記" (Masakazu Yamazaki complete translation note.in Kodansha arts and sciences library, 2003)
The "complete works of way former reverend" Genryu Kagamishima supervision, spring and summer shrine.
References
The 里見弴 "story of the way former reverend" (Iwanami library)
Michio Takeuchi "origin of way" Hirofumi Kikkawa building (person library) 1962
Shinkichi Takahashi "life of the way former reverend" treasure sentence building 1963
Taijo Tamamuro "origin of way" new person traffic company 1971
Aishin Imaeda "Buddhist priest of the way former posture of contemplation person line" Japan broadcast publication association (NHK books) 1976
Akira Suganuma "way former dictionary" Tokyo temple publication 1977
All six Genryu Kagamishima, Koshiro Tamaki edition "origin of lecture way" spring and summer company 1979-81
Koshiro Tamaki "origin of way" spring and summer Corporation 1996
18, Asahi Shimbun going the Ryotaro Shiba "origin of way" "many affairs of Echizen" way, 49-61 pages.
63-76 pages of Ryotaro Shiba "sect monk of mountains" (same as above inclusion).
77-89 pages of Ryotaro Shiba "wandering of 寶慶寺" (same as above inclusion).
91-104 pages of Ryotaro Shiba "image of quiet simplicity Japanese yen" (same as above inclusion).
Wahei Tatematsu "way former reverend" Tokyo Shoseki, 2007
Plum alley steam locomotive building (I will groan) is a railroad preservation display facility of the steam locomotive which West Japan Railway Co. (JR WEST) in Kankijicho, Shimogyo-ku, Kyoto-shi, Kyoto runs.
I utilize the storage of sector of the plum alley engine department in Shimogyo-ku, Kyoto-shi in commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the opening of Japanese railroad, and, on October 10, 1972, I am established by Japanese National Railways and last in the first century and place the steam locomotive which continued supporting Japanese transport by rail as valuable industry cultural assets and am first Japanese facilities for the purpose of the change preservation.
JR WEST succeeded it with Japanese National Railways division and privatization of 1987.
In addition, these facilities itself is an active vehicle base (plum alley driving ward), and inspection, the repair of the Japanese National Railways DE10 form diesel locomotive of steam locomotive and the Sagano sightseeing railroad possession is performed, too.
In the first place what was a chance that these facilities were established was to store the change of the steam locomotive which disappeared rapidly from the late 1960s.
The hill engine department which there was in the Tochigi Oyama Station yard that the metropolitan area was near was the front-runner of the preservation engine department at first, but, from being located in "the Japanese central part" and a point of view, "there was a noted place", it was chosen formally in 1970 by the plum alley engine department preservation engine department.
As a general rule, the vehicle targeted for preservation exists; examination was repeated to choose the vehicle (if can do it the first unit) of the young turn, but, like the C62 form second unit, is going to save it at first, and there is the vehicle which there was not in fact.
It is from "the document pavilion" which the facilities remove and rebuild the sectorial chamber of the old plum alley engine department and "the steam locomotive pavilion" which utilized a turntable for cycles and an old Article 2 station building and restored.
The storage of sector was appointed to the important cultural property of the country with a 5t electric ceiling crane (1915 completion), railroad siding with a thing made of steel reinforced concrete built in 1914 on December 10, 2004.
In same 2004, it was done 選奨 in 土木学会選奨土木遺産.
Tool kits of one set of steam locomotive stored an old Article 2 station building (pavilion) and a sectorial garage from JR WEST in 2006, check repair were appointed to a railroad monument associate railroad monument.
I imitated Heian-jingu Shrine while considering scenery in the Japanese existence oldest wooden construction 2 stories Japanese style station building that Kyoto railroad served as the head office company building in 1904, and built it, and the old Article 2 station building was made.
The Kyoto railroad is nationalized in 1907 and was used afterward as NationalRail followed by a station building of JR WEST, but the amount of San'in Main Line (Sagano Line) Nijo - Hanazono Station (Kyoto) interval shelf in 1996 put the duty as the station building away with making it it, and removing and rebuilding restore it in the main building site in 1997, and use, the inside leave old ticket offices as a doorway and utilize it as a document pavilion.
It is appointed in cultural assets of Kyoto-shi in April, 1996.
In the storage of sector, 18 domestic production steam locomotive 16 forms (in the beginning of opening 17 16 forms) made from the Taisho era through the Showa era accommodate it and are displayed.
Change preservation is a principle, and I omit two cars of the C53 form 45th unit and the C51 form 239th unit, and, in the beginning of opening, the car family register was to 15 cars, but the review of the preservation object vehicle is performed several times afterwards, and, as for the change preservation machine, it is seven 7 forms as of 2006.
House, 5 forms five have the car family register now, and two cars (the C57 form first unit, the C56 form 160th unit) are offered for Yamaguchi Line "Yamaguchi" (train) and train traction on the main line including Hokuriku Main Line "north loquat dark" (train).
Because although there is the car family register, the change preservation machine except these two does not receive an examination for whole; on the main line cannot run.
In addition, I operate "SL steam" by the traction of the change preservation machine for the display in the hall in the track in the hall.
I hung it at the north, the north end of the site (a park matched the rest area in the hall once) where it was now in the large car parking lot from a garage, and this display driving line had ever spread, but put it together for the removing and rebuilding of the former Nijo Station station building, and Sagano line was changed at the current Umekoji Park south end by a form to go, and to travel side by side.
I have the function as the engine department and am connected to the business route now.
Furthermore, I take charge of the maintenance of the steam locomotive after West Japan Railway Co. Takatori lockout.
Plum
I come from "a plum" meaning a plum alley.
All cars except the C62 form first unit appointed in 1976 are appointed to an associate railroad monument with the car career book, a tool for the maintenance in 2006.
As for the thing without the Important Notice, a procedure of the transference is taken from the engine department belonging to the front in 1972.
◎There is no car family register in this from the beginning of preservation at the plum alley.
Japanese National Railways 8620 form steam locomotive - change
It is made by Kishia Seizo for 1,914 years.
I move into from Hirosaki transportation ward.
1979 car family register erasion (existence fire preservation).
Japanese National Railways 9600 form steam locomotive
It is made in Kawasaki shipyard for 1,914 years.
I move into from an Otaru driving place.
1979 car family register erasion (existence fire preservation).
1987 static condition preservation.
Japanese National Railways B20 form steam locomotive - change
It is made by the Tateyama heavy industries for 1,946 years.
I move into from Kagoshima engine department.
1979 car family register erasion.
I memorialize the opening 30th anniversary in 2002, and a change is restored to the original state.
Japanese National Railways C11 form steam locomotive
It is made of Kawasaki vehicle for 1,940 years.
I move into from Koriyama synthesis vehicle center Aizu Wakamatsu police box.
1987 car family register erasion.
Japanese National Railways C51 form steam locomotive◎
It is made by Kishia Seizo for 1,927 years.
I scrap it in Niitsu transportation ward in 1962.
I restore a thing kept in an incision state as the teaching materials by the Niigata railroad school on plum alley transference in Nagano synthesis vehicle center.
Japanese National Railways C53 form steam locomotive◎
It is made by Kishia Seizo for 1,928 years.
I scrap it in a plum alley engine department in 1950.
It was saved after Japanese National Railways Suita training school storage in the traffic science museum from 1961.
Japanese National Railways C55 form steam locomotive
It is made of Kawasaki vehicle for 1,935 years.
I move into from an Asahikawa driving place.
1979 car family register erasion.
Japanese National Railways C56 form steam locomotive - change (the car family register the main line driving possibility)
It is made of Kawasaki vehicle for 1,939 years.
I move into from Matsumoto transportation ward.
Japanese National Railways C57 form steam locomotive - change (the car family register the main line driving possibility)
It is made of Kawasaki vehicle for 1,937 years.
I move into from Sakura engine department.
Japanese National Railways C58 form steam locomotive
It is made by Kishia Seizo for 1,938 years.
I move into from a Kitami driving place.
1987 car family register erasion.
Japanese National Railways C59 form steam locomotive
It is made by Hitachi for 1,946 years.
I move into from a Nara driving place.
1979 car family register erasion.
Japanese National Railways C61 form steam locomotive - change (there is the car family register)
It is made by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries for 1,948 years.
I move into from Miyazaki engine department.
1979 car family register erasion (existence fire preservation).
1987 car family register revival.
Japanese National Railways C62 form steam locomotive◎
It is made by Hitachi for 1,948 years.
I scrap it in Hiroshima second engine department in 1967.
It is kept in 1986 by associate railroad monument designation, the Hiroshima railroad school.
I am transferred in 1994 by the plum alley.
C62 form second unit - change (there is the car family register)
It is made by Hitachi for 1,948 years.
I move into from Otaruchikko engine department.
1979 car family register erasion (existence fire preservation).
1987 car family register revival.
Japanese National Railways D50 form steam locomotive
It is made by Hitachi for 1,925 years.
I move into from Nogata engine department.
1979 car family register erasion.
Japanese National Railways D51 form steam locomotive
It is made of Kawasaki vehicle for 1,936 years.
I move into from Hamada engine department.
1987 car family register erasion.
D51 form 200th unit - change (there is the car family register)
It is made in Ministry of Railways Central Japan Railway Hamamatsu factory for 1,938 years.
I move into from Nakatsugawa engine department.
1979 car family register erasion (existence fire preservation).
1987 car family register revival.
Japanese National Railways D52 form steam locomotive
It is made by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries for 1,946 years.
I move into from Goryokaku engine department.
1979 car family register erasion.
The image JRW-B2010B20 form tenth unit
Image JNR96339633
The image D50 140 others plum alley steam locomotive building mg540D50 type 140th unit
The image D51-1andC62-1UmekojiD51 form first unit and the C62 form first unit
The image JNR-D51200D51 form 200th unit (steam)
The image JNR-C5345C53 form 45th unit
The image JRW-C56160C56 form 160th unit (SL north びわこ)
Image 200608200011.JPG)
The image JNR-C621-SteamLocoC62 form first unit
The image JRW-C622C62 form second unit
Japanese National Railways DE10 form diesel locomotive
There is the car family register, and two cars are belonging.
Japanese National Railways 50 system passenger car
I use it as a rest room.
Seemingly I keep the original form, but the plumbing of the home air conditioner is made by the backside, and outdoor units form a line.
In addition, the restroom is unusable.
"History of plum alley 90" (West Japan Railway Co., 2004) ISBN4777050718
"Vehicle 12 Tokaido Line III of Japanese National Railways" (childcare company, 1984) ISBN458653012X
Takahiro Seki "plum alley steam locomotive building"
The active play times of the friend company "railroad fan" (magazine) December, 1994 issue No. 404 special feature, plum alley steaming machine
Memorialize maintenance and C621 machine entering a building of Umekoji Park in 1994, the car career of each preservation plane.
"The plum alley is の, が, た, り 1.2 Rei Takayama storehouse, too"
Friend company "railroad fan" January, 1998 issue - February issue No. 441-442
It is one of the Japanese traditional music with the statement (carry strange).
It is religious music used for courtesy with the thing which added gnarl to Buddhist Scriptures.
In Japan, it is also known as chanting the sutra text (I double it boom), 梵匿 (ぼんのく).
I write it as Shomyo with the old style.
One of the ancient discipline (strange five disciplines) of India.
The five disciplines refer to five kinds of discipline of statement (phonology, grammar studies), 工巧明 (crafts, technical idea), cure light (medicine) Indian logic, one of the five branches of Indian science (ethics), inner light (in the case of the study of the religion of the self, a scholar of Buddhism Buddhology).
It came with Buddhism transmission to Japan and colonized.
There is the record that the Buddhist memorial service using the statement was carried out at the time of Todai-ji Temple great statue of Buddha eye opening Buddhist memorial service in 754 (Tenpyo-shoho 4), and it is thought that a statement was carried out flourishingly in the Nara era.
The 最澄, sky Sea conveyed a statement each early in the Heian era and became the basis of Tendai Shomyo, the Buddha's preach about truth statement.
There is each sect's original statement in the Buddhism denomination except Tendai sect, the Shingon Buddhism and is succeeded now.
The statement did not have score to tell by learning through the grapevine (くでん).
Therefore the instruction was full of difficulty.
A doctor (I let you vomit) equal to the score was invented later.
In addition, it is different in the technical terms such as doctors by each school.
However, learning through the grapevine (also known as Roy) (面授 by the leader) is necessary, and there is not maintenance, the succession of the schools from a teacher to a pupil if the doctor is reference to be able to sing and is going to learn a statement.
Therefore upbringing of a leader, the successor was required.
Various conditions occurred at the same time, and many schools have become extinct.
The thing which 最澄 conveyed became the basics, and the Tendai Shomyo did original development.
In 最澄以後, 円仁, 安然 let you prosper.
良忍 of the father of the Yuzu-nembutsu sect is known as a father of the middle interest.
In 1109 (Tennin 2), 良忍 erected the House of Brocken specter (Sakyo-ku, Kyoto-shi) in Kyoto, Ohara.
I imitated the Chinese statement birthplace, fish mountain (ぎょざん), and the mountain of the House of Brocken specter of Ohara was referred to a fish mountain.
Two temples of House of Brocken specter, 勝林院 came to be known before long as a dojo studio of the Ohara style fish mountain statement.
In addition, quiet simplicity Hara made a school later, and there was the statement of the system of two groups in Ohara.
I came to revive sect excellent が Ohara statement later.
I built a flow based on the music theory that 湛智 was new.
After that I make the center of the Tendai Shomyo, and I am succeeded by current Tendai Shomyo.
Flexibility Nenbutsu sect of Buddhism, the Jodo sect of Buddhism, the statement of the Jodo Shin sect of Buddhism are systems of the Tendai Shomyo.
The thing which the sea of the sky conveyed becomes the basics, and the Buddha's preach about truth statement continues up to the present day.
It is 真雅以降 that a statement has been systematized.
寛朝 can be also known as father of the middle interest above all.
I tried for composition, the maintenance of the statement.
There were many schools until the Kamakura era, but it was settled in four groups (House of this suitable hospital style, new suitability style, Daigo style, Nakagawa name of a post style) by 覚性法親王.
I declined over the Edo era, and the statement of the old belief Shingon Buddhism became extinct.
The House of this suitable hospital style, new suitability style, Daigo style abolished it by at the Meiji middle.
It is separated now in intellect mountain (ちざん) statement (the House of Kyoto, intellect product), Toyoyama (ぶざん) statement (Nara, Hase-dera Temple), 南山進流 (なんざんしんりゅう, Mt. Koya-san, Kyoto, old belief Shingon Buddhism temple).
The statement of an intellect mountain statement, Toyoyama statement (the new justice Shingon Buddhism system statement) Shingon Buddhism intellect mountain group, Shingon Buddhism Toyoyama group, both groups comes from a Nakagawa name of a post style originally.
頼瑜 adopted old manners of Daigo.
When I baked it and defeated it, and Negoro temple (Wakayama) was done in 1583 (Tensho 13) by Hideyoshi Toyotomi and declined, both groups of intellect mountain, Toyoyama were made from old manners of Daigo and came to form a school.
For a characteristic, it is called "the statement" of the intellect mountain "a discussion" of Toyoyama.
A 南山進流 (the old belief Shingon Buddhism system statement) Nakagawa name of a post style became the cause.
As for the Nakagawa name of a post style, the name of a post of Nara, the Nakagawa temple is 流祖.
The competitive spirit of the House of Mt. Koya-san lotus flower valley, three treasures moved the stronghold in Mt. Koya-san in the Joei era year (1232-1233).
I named another name, Minamiyama of Mt. Koya-san later and called myself 南山進流.
I call myself 進流, 野山進流.
It may be said that the sound music such as a biwa accompaniment of the Heike Monogatari, a Noh song, a folk song, the bright lapis lazuli is transformation of the statement.
The influence that I gave plainsong music is big.
The Emperor Tenji (てんちてんのう/てんじてんのう.
A man.
Emperor Suiko 34 years (626 years) - Emperor Tenji December 3, 10 (January 7, 672).
The 38th Emperor.
As for the folk songs posthumous Buddhist name, irreplaceable destiny open (I let you open with a rain medium/あまつみことさきわけのみこと, also known as the chisel).
諱 Katsuragi (かづらき/かつらぎ).
It is thought that it was called Katsuragi prince (かづらきのみこ/かつらぎのみこ) during the lifetime.
In general, I am known as Prince Nakanooe (なかのおおえのおうじ/that cover and drink and come).
The word that "the great older brother" means "the next Crown Prince" for the will of the Crown Prince with "a great older brother."
General view
The second prince of the Emperor Jomei.
Mother a treasure princess (the のちの Emperor Kogyoku).
The empress is daughter, Japan Himeo of the different mother older brother, ancient people size older brother prince.
I planned it with Kamatari Nakatomino and others and a coup d'etat was caused and killed Iruka Sogano and let an uncle, the Emperor Kotoku succeed to the throne, and, as for oneself, it was the Crown Prince.
And I established the name of an era called the leading others with a limitless virtue and performed various reform (central figure of the Taika Reformation, the second serpent Incident).
In addition, princes between the existence fitted the power which seemed to cause a coup d'etat in the future in the trap and sentenced it to death.
Because Kudara was destroyed for 660 years by Tang, Silla, I sent back Prince Kudara, 扶余豊璋 which stayed in the Imperial Court and planned Kudara revival.
I stayed in Chikushi to command Kudara relief, but, for 661 years, the Emperor Saimei made demise (the death).
I won a designation without being crowned for a long time on the Throne, but I transferred the capital to Otsu-shi and succeeded to the throne there afterwards after having suffered a complete defeat by a fight of 白村江 for 663 years.
After the war of 白村江, I installed Mizuki and a smoke signal, soldiers garrisoned at strategic posts in Kyushu as part of a policy of the country defense.
In addition, crown rank is the end of it, too; is on the 19th to the 26th floor, and perform system reform.
In addition, I let you make our country oldest nationwide family register "庚午年籍" for 670 years.
The Chronicles of Japan informs that the Emperor Tenji wanted to let prince royal, Prince Otomo inherit the Throne.
However, younger brother, Prince Ooama (the Emperor Tenmu) won against Prince Otomo in the revolt of 壬申 which rose after the death of the sky intellect and succeeded to the throne.
After that the Emperor of 天武系統 follows to the Emperor Shotoku.
After the death of the designation virtue, grandchild, King Shirakabe of the sky intellect succeeds to the throne as the Emperor Konin and becomes the sky intellect system after it.
As I took King Nukada away from Prince Ooama, it is said that I sent four daughters as a princess to Prince Ooama as atonement (oneself).
Brief career history
Suiko 34 years (626 years) - birth
皇極 June 14, 4 (July 12, 645) - official investiture of the Crown Prince
斉明 July 24, 7 (August 24, 661) - designation system
The sky intellect January 3, 7 (February 20, 668) - enthronement
I die at -46 years old on sky intellect December 3, 10 (January 7, 672)
(because it is said that there is it as another view after a death from an illness theory by "Fuso sketchy description" with "一云天皇駕馬幸山階鄕更無還御永交山林不知崩所只以履沓落處爲其山陵以往諸皇不知因果恒事殺害" and was missing in mountains, there is the assassination theory by the Emperor Tenmu side, too)
It is one of the mysteries in the political history of the middle in the seventh century that the Emperor Tenji did not succeed to the throne for a long time.
Some opinions discussed about this exist.
Consideration to power to recommend the Emperor Tenmu for.
In other words, it is a mistake to be a younger brother of the Emperor Tenji, and the Emperor Tenmu who has been considered to be an established theory conventionally is Prince Han which he laid before the Emperor Kogyoku gets married with the Emperor Jomei, and he is based on an opinion to be an elder brother by a different father of the Emperor Tenji.
天武 becomes senior if I surely count age backward based on the age at death of the Emperor Tenji of "the Chronicles of Japan" and the Emperor Tenmu published in some history book.
However, the contradiction is not seen between the same historical materials, and there are many historical materials arranging the age difference of around 8-9 years old.
In contrast, before although "father is different older brother there was a claim, "raised age of the sky intellect in a younger brother" having bad ということでは appearance intentionally", but "have done that age 16 years old of the sky intellect to be seen in "the Chronicles of Japan" was age when the father Emperor Jomei succeeded to the throne to age when passed away by mistake.
Therefore the true age is 614 years when 本朝皇胤紹運録等 adopts it.
Argument with ", "nominal position (actually, sky intellect, Jito who reigned in front and behind 天武 spread a designation system and did not succeed to the throne promptly.that was not rare in the ancient times
An error occurred for).
Because both an argument with ", the times when "the Chronicles of Japan" and the other history book pointed out were edited again and the property vary, it is the same, and there is the opinion that I cannot treat it.
(the clause of "the Emperor Tenmu age" is reference, too)
The opinion that the second serpent Incident was a coup d'etat of the light prince (the Emperor Kotoku), and a position was chased as for Prince Nakanooe.
In late years relations of Prince Nakanooe and Iruka Sogano are relatively good, and it is pointed out that the basic policy is similar.
Then the motive that Prince Nakanooe kills 入鹿 disappears.
In addition, this opinion came to be advocated because manipulation was accepted in a description of the Taika Reformation of the Chronicles of Japan.
In addition, I attract attention because I can explain other questions including the reason that Soga except the deer with reason shop of the abdication of the Emperor Kogyoku is not ousted from after the coup d'etat by this opinion.
The opinion which the enthronement was late for from the repulsion for woman relations of the sky intellect.
When there are her and a thing suggesting immorality relations with the sky intellect in the song which the Emperor Kotoku listed in "the Chronicles of Japan" put on the emperor woman (of the same mother younger sister of the sky intellect) between a wife, I do this.
Romance, the marriage between half-brother sisters is allowed, but it was the romance circumstance of people at the time that it between of the same mother siblings was not allowed, but the interpretation that was actually connected by the rainbow of the best of the Machiko Satonaka product is done and is seen in Prince leisure in the thing with relations by chance after having let you persuade you and marry into the light great king (the Emperor Kotoku) of the uncle, and scenes scolded by him who flew into a rage are seen.
An interval emperor woman inherited the Throne as a princess of the Emperor of the future charges after the death of the Emperor Saimei, but a record is a crossed opinion by some kind of circumstances.
This comes from the opinion which assumes a person named "中皇命" an interval emperor woman in "Manyoshu", and "中皇命" is the claim that I can interpret to be the Emperor of the joint until the sky intellect enthronement.
